io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/personalization/PersonalizationHelper.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.personalization.PersonalizationHelper
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.personalization.PersonalizationHelper$DictFilter
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/changes/Splash_Screen_Activity.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.changes.Splash_Screen_Activity
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/makedict/WeightedString.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.makedict.WeightedString
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/utils/FeedbackUtils.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.utils.FeedbackUtils
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/keyboard/internal/ModifierKeyState.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.internal.ModifierKeyState
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/utils/DictionaryInfoUtils.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.utils.DictionaryInfoUtils
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.utils.DictionaryInfoUtils$DictionaryInfo
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/settings/SettingsValuesForSuggestion.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.settings.SettingsValuesForSuggestion
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/intro/app/OnNavigationBlockedListener.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.app.OnNavigationBlockedListener
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.app.OnNavigationBlockedListener$Direction
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/intro/app/OnPositionNavigationBlockedListener.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.app.OnPositionNavigationBlockedListener
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/changes/AddIds.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.changes.AddIds
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/Dictionary.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.Dictionary
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.Dictionary$PhonyDictionary
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/intro/view/InkPageIndicator.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.view.InkPageIndicator
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.view.InkPageIndicator$1
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.view.InkPageIndicator$2
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.view.InkPageIndicator$3
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.view.InkPageIndicator$4
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.view.InkPageIndicator$LeftwardStartPredicate
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.view.InkPageIndicator$PendingRetreatAnimator
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.view.InkPageIndicator$PendingRetreatAnimator$1
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.view.InkPageIndicator$PendingRetreatAnimator$2
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.view.InkPageIndicator$PendingRetreatAnimator$3
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.view.InkPageIndicator$PendingRevealAnimator
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.view.InkPageIndicator$PendingRevealAnimator$1
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.view.InkPageIndicator$PendingRevealAnimator$2
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.view.InkPageIndicator$PendingStartAnimator
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.view.InkPageIndicator$RightwardStartPredicate
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.view.InkPageIndicator$StartPredicate
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/makedict/FormatSpec.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.makedict.FormatSpec
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.makedict.FormatSpec$DictionaryOptions
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.makedict.FormatSpec$FormatOptions
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/spellcheck/SpellCheckerSettingsFragment.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.spellcheck.SpellCheckerSettingsFragment
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/common/StringUtils.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.common.StringUtils
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.common.StringUtils$Stringizer
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/suggestions/SuggestionStripViewAccessor.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.suggestions.SuggestionStripViewAccessor
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/DictionaryCollection.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.DictionaryCollection
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/keyboard/internal/GestureTrailDrawingPoints.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.internal.GestureTrailDrawingPoints
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/utils/CursorAnchorInfoUtils.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.utils.CursorAnchorInfoUtils
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/intro/slide/RestorableSlide.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.slide.RestorableSlide
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/utils/ViewLayoutUtils.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.utils.ViewLayoutUtils
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/userdictionary/UserDictionaryAddWordFragment.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.userdictionary.UserDictionaryAddWordFragment
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/UserBinaryDictionary.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.UserBinaryDictionary
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.UserBinaryDictionary$1
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/keyboard/internal/KeyPreviewView.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.internal.KeyPreviewView
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/utils/SuggestionResults.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.utils.SuggestionResults
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.utils.SuggestionResults$SuggestedWordInfoComparator
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/ContactsDictionaryConstants.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.ContactsDictionaryConstants
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/intro/view/parallax/ParallaxFragment.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.view.parallax.ParallaxFragment
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/settings/SettingsValues.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.settings.SettingsValues
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/keyboard/internal/TouchPositionCorrection.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.internal.TouchPositionCorrection
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/intro/slide/Slide.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.slide.Slide
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/utils/AsyncResultHolder.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.utils.AsyncResultHolder
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/makedict/NgramProperty.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.makedict.NgramProperty
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/utils/TargetPackageInfoGetterTask.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.utils.TargetPackageInfoGetterTask
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/BinaryDictionaryGetter.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.BinaryDictionaryGetter
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.BinaryDictionaryGetter$DictPackSettings
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.BinaryDictionaryGetter$FileAndMatchLevel
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/spellcheck/AndroidWordLevelSpellCheckerSession.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.spellcheck.AndroidWordLevelSpellCheckerSession
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.spellcheck.AndroidWordLevelSpellCheckerSession$1
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.spellcheck.AndroidWordLevelSpellCheckerSession$Result
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.spellcheck.AndroidWordLevelSpellCheckerSession$SuggestionsCache
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.spellcheck.AndroidWordLevelSpellCheckerSession$SuggestionsParams
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/utils/TypefaceUtils.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.utils.TypefaceUtils
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/AssetFileAddress.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.AssetFileAddress
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/common/ComposedData.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.common.ComposedData
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/PunctuationSuggestions.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.PunctuationSuggestions
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/Suggest.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.Suggest
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.Suggest$OnGetSuggestedWordsCallback
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/settings/PreferencesSettingsFragment.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.settings.PreferencesSettingsFragment
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/RichInputMethodSubtype.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.RichInputMethodSubtype
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/suggestions/SuggestionStripLayoutHelper.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.suggestions.SuggestionStripLayoutHelper
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/suggestions/SuggestionStripView.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.suggestions.SuggestionStripView
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.suggestions.SuggestionStripView$1
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.suggestions.SuggestionStripView$2
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.suggestions.SuggestionStripView$3
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.suggestions.SuggestionStripView$Listener
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.suggestions.SuggestionStripView$StripVisibilityGroup
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/changes/HowtoUse.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.changes.HowtoUse
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.changes.HowtoUse$1
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/utils/ScriptUtils.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.utils.ScriptUtils
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/common/InputPointers.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.common.InputPointers
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/utils/CombinedFormatUtils.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.utils.CombinedFormatUtils
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/setup/SetupWizardActivity.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.setup.SetupWizardActivity
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.setup.SetupWizardActivity$1
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.setup.SetupWizardActivity$2
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.setup.SetupWizardActivity$3
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.setup.SetupWizardActivity$4
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.setup.SetupWizardActivity$5
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.setup.SetupWizardActivity$SettingsPoolingHandler
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.setup.SetupWizardActivity$SetupStep
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.setup.SetupWizardActivity$SetupStepGroup
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/keyboard/internal/GestureStrokeDrawingPoints.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.internal.GestureStrokeDrawingPoints
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/permissions/PermissionsActivity.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.permissions.PermissionsActivity
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/settings/CorrectionSettingsFragment.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.settings.CorrectionSettingsFragment
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/touchinputconsumer/GestureConsumer.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.touchinputconsumer.GestureConsumer
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/LatinIME.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.LatinIME
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.LatinIME$1
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.LatinIME$2
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.LatinIME$HideSoftInputReceiver
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.LatinIME$SubtypeState
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.LatinIME$UIHandler
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/userdictionary/UserDictionaryAddWordContents.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.userdictionary.UserDictionaryAddWordContents
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.userdictionary.UserDictionaryAddWordContents$LocaleRenderer
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/DictionaryFacilitatorLruCache.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.DictionaryFacilitatorLruCache
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/changes/TestActivity.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.changes.TestActivity
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/utils/StatsUtilsManager.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.utils.StatsUtilsManager
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/suggestions/MoreSuggestions.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.suggestions.MoreSuggestions
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.suggestions.MoreSuggestions$Builder
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.suggestions.MoreSuggestions$Divider
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.suggestions.MoreSuggestions$MoreSuggestionKey
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.suggestions.MoreSuggestions$MoreSuggestionsParam
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/keyboard/KeyboardLayoutSet.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.KeyboardLayoutSet
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.KeyboardLayoutSet$Builder
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.KeyboardLayoutSet$ElementParams
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.KeyboardLayoutSet$KeyboardLayoutSetException
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.KeyboardLayoutSet$Params
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/spellcheck/AndroidSpellCheckerService.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.spellcheck.AndroidSpellCheckerService
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/SystemBroadcastReceiver.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.SystemBroadcastReceiver
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/settings/ThemeSettingsFragment.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.settings.ThemeSettingsFragment
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.settings.ThemeSettingsFragment$KeyboardThemePreference
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/settings/GestureSettingsFragment.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.settings.GestureSettingsFragment
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/keyboard/internal/DrawingProxy.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.internal.DrawingProxy
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/permissions/PermissionsUtil.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.permissions.PermissionsUtil
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/NgramContext.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.NgramContext
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.NgramContext$WordInfo
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/settings/SettingsActivity.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.settings.SettingsActivity
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/utils/RecapitalizeStatus.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.utils.RecapitalizeStatus
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/intro/slide/ButtonCtaSlide.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.slide.ButtonCtaSlide
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/utils/ExecutorUtils.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.utils.ExecutorUtils
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.utils.ExecutorUtils$1
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.utils.ExecutorUtils$ExecutorFactory
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.utils.ExecutorUtils$ExecutorFactory$1
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.utils.ExecutorUtils$RunnableChain
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/BuildConfig.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.BuildConfig
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/settings/SeekBarDialogPreference.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.settings.SeekBarDialogPreference
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.settings.SeekBarDialogPreference$ValueProxy
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/utils/NgramContextUtils.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.utils.NgramContextUtils
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/intro/app/IntroNavigation.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.app.IntroNavigation
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/keyboard/MoreKeysKeyboardView.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.MoreKeysKeyboardView
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/RichInputConnection.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.RichInputConnection
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/keyboard/internal/SlidingKeyInputDrawingPreview.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.internal.SlidingKeyInputDrawingPreview
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/common/UnicodeSurrogate.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.common.UnicodeSurrogate
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/BinaryDictionaryFileDumper.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.BinaryDictionaryFileDumper
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/keyboard/internal/KeyboardIconsSet.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.internal.KeyboardIconsSet
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/DicTraverseSession.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.DicTraverseSession
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/keyboard/internal/AlphabetShiftState.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.internal.AlphabetShiftState
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/utils/DictionaryHeaderUtils.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.utils.DictionaryHeaderUtils
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/common/CodePointUtils.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.common.CodePointUtils
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/keyboard/KeyboardLayout.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.KeyboardLayout
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/ReadOnlyBinaryDictionary.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.ReadOnlyBinaryDictionary
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/ContactsDictionaryUtils.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.ContactsDictionaryUtils
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/intro/app/IntroActivity.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.app.IntroActivity
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.app.IntroActivity$1
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.app.IntroActivity$2
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.app.IntroActivity$3
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.app.IntroActivity$4
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.app.IntroActivity$5
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.app.IntroActivity$6
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.app.IntroActivity$ButtonBackFunction
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.app.IntroActivity$ButtonCtaClickListener
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.app.IntroActivity$ButtonCtaTintMode
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.app.IntroActivity$ButtonNextFunction
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.app.IntroActivity$IntroPageChangeListener
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/personalization/UserHistoryDictionary.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.personalization.UserHistoryDictionary
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/keyboard/internal/KeyboardCodesSet.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.internal.KeyboardCodesSet
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/keyboard/internal/BogusMoveEventDetector.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.internal.BogusMoveEventDetector
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/keyboard/internal/HermiteInterpolator.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.internal.HermiteInterpolator
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/keyboard/KeyboardActionListener.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.KeyboardActionListener
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.KeyboardActionListener$Adapter
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/utils/StatsUtils.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.utils.StatsUtils
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/settings/AppearanceSettingsFragment.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.settings.AppearanceSettingsFragment
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.settings.AppearanceSettingsFragment$1
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/common/Constants.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.common.Constants
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.common.Constants$Color
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.common.Constants$ImeOption
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.common.Constants$Subtype
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.common.Constants$Subtype$ExtraValue
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.common.Constants$TextUtils
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/utils/DebugLogUtils.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.utils.DebugLogUtils
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/keyboard/internal/KeyPreviewDrawParams.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.internal.KeyPreviewDrawParams
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/utils/XmlParseUtils.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.utils.XmlParseUtils
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.utils.XmlParseUtils$IllegalAttribute
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.utils.XmlParseUtils$IllegalEndTag
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.utils.XmlParseUtils$IllegalStartTag
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.utils.XmlParseUtils$NonEmptyTag
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.utils.XmlParseUtils$ParseException
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/SuggestedWords.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.SuggestedWords
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.SuggestedWords$SuggestedWordInfo
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/settings/LocalSettingsConstants.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.settings.LocalSettingsConstants
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/keyboard/MainKeyboardView.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.MainKeyboardView
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/ExpandableBinaryDictionary.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.ExpandableBinaryDictionary
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.ExpandableBinaryDictionary$1
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.ExpandableBinaryDictionary$10
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.ExpandableBinaryDictionary$11
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.ExpandableBinaryDictionary$12
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.ExpandableBinaryDictionary$13
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.ExpandableBinaryDictionary$14
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.ExpandableBinaryDictionary$15
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.ExpandableBinaryDictionary$16
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.ExpandableBinaryDictionary$17
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.ExpandableBinaryDictionary$2
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.ExpandableBinaryDictionary$3
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.ExpandableBinaryDictionary$4
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.ExpandableBinaryDictionary$5
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.ExpandableBinaryDictionary$6
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.ExpandableBinaryDictionary$7
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.ExpandableBinaryDictionary$8
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.ExpandableBinaryDictionary$9
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.ExpandableBinaryDictionary$UpdateEntriesForInputEventsCallback
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/spellcheck/SpellCheckerSettingsActivity.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.spellcheck.SpellCheckerSettingsActivity
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/keyboard/MoreKeysKeyboard.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.MoreKeysKeyboard
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.MoreKeysKeyboard$Builder
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.MoreKeysKeyboard$MoreKeyDivider
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.MoreKeysKeyboard$MoreKeysKeyboardParams
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/InputAttributes.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.InputAttributes
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/changes/Premium.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.changes.Premium
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.changes.Premium$1
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.changes.Premium$2
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.changes.Premium$3
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.changes.Premium$4
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.changes.Premium$4$1
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/inputlogic/SpaceState.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.inputlogic.SpaceState
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/keyboard/KeyboardId.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.KeyboardId
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/utils/IntentUtils.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.utils.IntentUtils
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/spellcheck/AndroidSpellCheckerSession.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.spellcheck.AndroidSpellCheckerSession
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/keyboard/PointerTracker.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.PointerTracker
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.PointerTracker$PointerTrackerParams
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/BinaryDictionary.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.BinaryDictionary
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.BinaryDictionary$GetNextWordPropertyResult
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/keyboard/internal/GestureEnabler.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.internal.GestureEnabler
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/keyboard/MoreKeysDetector.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.MoreKeysDetector
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/settings/TestFragmentActivity.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.settings.TestFragmentActivity
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/keyboard/internal/PointerTrackerQueue.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.internal.PointerTrackerQueue
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.internal.PointerTrackerQueue$Element
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/ContactsContentObserver.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.ContactsContentObserver
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.ContactsContentObserver$1
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/keyboard/internal/GestureStrokeRecognitionPoints.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.internal.GestureStrokeRecognitionPoints
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/keyboard/internal/KeyboardRow.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.internal.KeyboardRow
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.internal.KeyboardRow$RowAttributes
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/DictionaryStats.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.DictionaryStats
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/intro/slide/SlideAdapter.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.slide.SlideAdapter
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/utils/InputTypeUtils.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.utils.InputTypeUtils
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/keyboard/internal/KeyStylesSet.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.internal.KeyStylesSet
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.internal.KeyStylesSet$DeclaredKeyStyle
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.internal.KeyStylesSet$EmptyKeyStyle
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/changes/Main_Activity.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.changes.Main_Activity
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.changes.Main_Activity$1
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.changes.Main_Activity$2
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.changes.Main_Activity$3
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/ContactsBinaryDictionary.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.ContactsBinaryDictionary
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/intro/view/parallax/ParallaxRelativeLayout.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.view.parallax.ParallaxRelativeLayout
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.view.parallax.ParallaxRelativeLayout$LayoutParams
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/utils/LanguageOnSpacebarUtils.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.utils.LanguageOnSpacebarUtils
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/inputlogic/PrivateCommandPerformer.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.inputlogic.PrivateCommandPerformer
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/keyboard/emoji/EmojiPalettesAdapter.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.emoji.EmojiPalettesAdapter
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.emoji.EmojiPalettesAdapter$ViewHolder
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/utils/FragmentUtils.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.utils.FragmentUtils
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/userdictionary/UserDictionaryLocalePicker.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.userdictionary.UserDictionaryLocalePicker
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.userdictionary.UserDictionaryLocalePicker$LocationChangedListener
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/utils/SpannableStringUtils.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.utils.SpannableStringUtils
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/keyboard/internal/TypingTimeRecorder.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.internal.TypingTimeRecorder
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/settings/DebugSettings.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.settings.DebugSettings
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/define/DebugFlags.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.define.DebugFlags
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/keyboard/internal/KeyVisualAttributes.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.internal.KeyVisualAttributes
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/settings/AdvancedSettingsFragment.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.settings.AdvancedSettingsFragment
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.settings.AdvancedSettingsFragment$1
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.settings.AdvancedSettingsFragment$2
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.settings.AdvancedSettingsFragment$3
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/utils/JsonUtils.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.utils.JsonUtils
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/settings/RadioButtonPreference.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.settings.RadioButtonPreference
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.settings.RadioButtonPreference$1
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.settings.RadioButtonPreference$OnRadioButtonClickedListener
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/keyboard/internal/CodesArrayParser.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.internal.CodesArrayParser
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/utils/CompletionInfoUtils.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.utils.CompletionInfoUtils
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/utils/ManagedProfileUtils.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.utils.ManagedProfileUtils
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/DictionaryFacilitatorImpl.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.DictionaryFacilitatorImpl
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.DictionaryFacilitatorImpl$1
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.DictionaryFacilitatorImpl$DictionaryGroup
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/makedict/UnsupportedFormatException.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.makedict.UnsupportedFormatException
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/keyboard/internal/NonDistinctMultitouchHelper.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.internal.NonDistinctMultitouchHelper
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/define/JniLibName.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.define.JniLibName
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/intro/util/AnimUtils.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.util.AnimUtils
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/keyboard/KeyDetector.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.KeyDetector
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/utils/JniUtils.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.utils.JniUtils
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/spellcheck/AndroidSpellCheckerSessionFactory.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.spellcheck.AndroidSpellCheckerSessionFactory
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/keyboard/internal/RoundedLine.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.internal.RoundedLine
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/makedict/ProbabilityInfo.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.makedict.ProbabilityInfo
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/common/NativeSuggestOptions.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.common.NativeSuggestOptions
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/keyboard/KeyboardSwitcher.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.KeyboardSwitcher
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.KeyboardSwitcher$KeyboardSwitchState
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/utils/MetadataFileUriGetter.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.utils.MetadataFileUriGetter
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/RichInputMethodManager.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.RichInputMethodManager
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.RichInputMethodManager$1
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.RichInputMethodManager$InputMethodInfoCache
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/DictionaryDumpBroadcastReceiver.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.DictionaryDumpBroadcastReceiver
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/keyboard/internal/KeyboardBuilder.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.internal.KeyboardBuilder
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/intro/view/parallax/ParallaxFrameLayout.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.view.parallax.ParallaxFrameLayout
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.view.parallax.ParallaxFrameLayout$LayoutParams
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/WordListInfo.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.WordListInfo
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/common/CollectionUtils.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.common.CollectionUtils
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/keyboard/MoreKeysPanel.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.MoreKeysPanel
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.MoreKeysPanel$1
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.MoreKeysPanel$Controller
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/setup/SetupActivity.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.setup.SetupActivity
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/makedict/DictionaryHeader.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.makedict.DictionaryHeader
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/utils/UncachedInputMethodManagerUtils.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.utils.UncachedInputMethodManagerUtils
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/keyboard/internal/KeyboardState.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.internal.KeyboardState
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.internal.KeyboardState$SavedKeyboardState
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.internal.KeyboardState$SwitchActions
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/ContactsManager.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.ContactsManager
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.ContactsManager$1
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.ContactsManager$AffinityComparator
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.ContactsManager$ContactsChangedListener
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.ContactsManager$RankedContact
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/keyboard/internal/KeySpecParser.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.internal.KeySpecParser
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.internal.KeySpecParser$KeySpecParserError
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/intro/view/SwipeBlockableViewPager.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.view.SwipeBlockableViewPager
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/utils/CapsModeUtils.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.utils.CapsModeUtils
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/intro/util/CheatSheet.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.util.CheatSheet
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.util.CheatSheet$1
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.util.CheatSheet$2
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.util.CheatSheet$3
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/keyboard/emoji/DynamicGridKeyboard.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.emoji.DynamicGridKeyboard
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.emoji.DynamicGridKeyboard$GridKey
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/DictionaryFacilitatorProvider.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.DictionaryFacilitatorProvider
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/permissions/PermissionsManager.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.permissions.PermissionsManager
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.permissions.PermissionsManager$PermissionsResultCallback
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/intro/view/parallax/Parallaxable.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.view.parallax.Parallaxable
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/intro/app/NavigationPolicy.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.app.NavigationPolicy
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/intro/view/parallax/ParallaxSlideFragment.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.view.parallax.ParallaxSlideFragment
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/LastComposedWord.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.LastComposedWord
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/setup/SetupStartIndicatorView.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.setup.SetupStartIndicatorView
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.setup.SetupStartIndicatorView$IndicatorView
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.setup.SetupStartIndicatorView$LabelView
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/settings/SubScreenFragment.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.settings.SubScreenFragment
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.settings.SubScreenFragment$1
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/keyboard/internal/MoreKeySpec.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.internal.MoreKeySpec
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.internal.MoreKeySpec$LettersOnBaseLayout
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/DictionaryFactory.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.DictionaryFactory
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/keyboard/internal/GestureStrokeDrawingParams.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.internal.GestureStrokeDrawingParams
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/settings/SettingsFragment.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.settings.SettingsFragment
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/keyboard/internal/GestureFloatingTextDrawingPreview.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.internal.GestureFloatingTextDrawingPreview
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.internal.GestureFloatingTextDrawingPreview$GesturePreviewTextParams
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/keyboard/emoji/EmojiPageKeyboardView.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.emoji.EmojiPageKeyboardView
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.emoji.EmojiPageKeyboardView$1
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.emoji.EmojiPageKeyboardView$2
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.emoji.EmojiPageKeyboardView$3
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.emoji.EmojiPageKeyboardView$OnKeyEventListener
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/keyboard/internal/MatrixUtils.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.internal.MatrixUtils
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.internal.MatrixUtils$MatrixOperationFailedException
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/utils/SubtypeLocaleUtils.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.utils.SubtypeLocaleUtils
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.utils.SubtypeLocaleUtils$1
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.utils.SubtypeLocaleUtils$2
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/keyboard/internal/KeyboardParams.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.internal.KeyboardParams
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.internal.KeyboardParams$1
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/settings/DebugSettingsFragment.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.settings.DebugSettingsFragment
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.settings.DebugSettingsFragment$1
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.settings.DebugSettingsFragment$2
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.settings.DebugSettingsFragment$3
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.settings.DebugSettingsFragment$DictDumpPreference
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/define/DecoderSpecificConstants.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.define.DecoderSpecificConstants
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/settings/AdditionalFeaturesSettingUtils.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.settings.AdditionalFeaturesSettingUtils
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/keyboard/internal/DrawingPreviewPlacerView.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.internal.DrawingPreviewPlacerView
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/utils/AdditionalSubtypeUtils.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.utils.AdditionalSubtypeUtils
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/keyboard/internal/TimerHandler.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.internal.TimerHandler
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/keyboard/internal/GestureTrailsDrawingPreview.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.internal.GestureTrailsDrawingPreview
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/keyboard/internal/ShiftKeyState.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.internal.ShiftKeyState
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/common/ResizableIntArray.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.common.ResizableIntArray
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/userdictionary/UserDictionarySettingsUtils.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.userdictionary.UserDictionarySettingsUtils
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/AudioAndHapticFeedbackManager.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.AudioAndHapticFeedbackManager
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/keyboard/KeyboardTheme.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.KeyboardTheme
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/EmojiAltPhysicalKeyDetector.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.EmojiAltPhysicalKeyDetector
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.EmojiAltPhysicalKeyDetector$1
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.EmojiAltPhysicalKeyDetector$2
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.EmojiAltPhysicalKeyDetector$EmojiHotKeys
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.EmojiAltPhysicalKeyDetector$HotKeySet
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/keyboard/internal/KeyPreviewChoreographer.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.internal.KeyPreviewChoreographer
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/keyboard/internal/GestureTrailDrawingParams.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.internal.GestureTrailDrawingParams
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/keyboard/internal/UniqueKeysCache.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.internal.UniqueKeysCache
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.internal.UniqueKeysCache$1
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.internal.UniqueKeysCache$UniqueKeysCacheImpl
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/intro/view/parallax/ParallaxLinearLayout.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.view.parallax.ParallaxLinearLayout
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.view.parallax.ParallaxLinearLayout$LayoutParams
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/spellcheck/SentenceLevelAdapter.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.spellcheck.SentenceLevelAdapter
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.spellcheck.SentenceLevelAdapter$EmptySentenceSuggestionsInfosInitializationHolder
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.spellcheck.SentenceLevelAdapter$SentenceTextInfoParams
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.spellcheck.SentenceLevelAdapter$SentenceWordItem
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.spellcheck.SentenceLevelAdapter$WordIterator
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.spellcheck.SentenceLevelAdapter$WordIterator$1
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/settings/CustomInputStyleSettingsFragment.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.settings.CustomInputStyleSettingsFragment
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.settings.CustomInputStyleSettingsFragment$1
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/utils/WordInputEventForPersonalization.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.utils.WordInputEventForPersonalization
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/keyboard/internal/TimerProxy.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.internal.TimerProxy
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.internal.TimerProxy$Adapter
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/makedict/WordProperty.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.makedict.WordProperty
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/utils/LeakGuardHandlerWrapper.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.utils.LeakGuardHandlerWrapper
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/utils/FileTransforms.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.utils.FileTransforms
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/keyboard/ProximityInfo.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.ProximityInfo
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/BackupAgent.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.BackupAgent
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/inputlogic/InputLogicHandler.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.inputlogic.InputLogicHandler
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.inputlogic.InputLogicHandler$1
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.inputlogic.InputLogicHandler$2
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/settings/Settings.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.settings.Settings
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.settings.Settings$1
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/keyboard/internal/AbstractDrawingPreview.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.internal.AbstractDrawingPreview
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/settings/SpacingAndPunctuations.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.settings.SpacingAndPunctuations
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/keyboard/internal/KeyStyle.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.internal.KeyStyle
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/changes/PrefManager.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.changes.PrefManager
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/intro/slide/FragmentSlide.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.slide.FragmentSlide
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.slide.FragmentSlide$Builder
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.slide.FragmentSlide$FragmentSlideFragment
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/keyboard/Key.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.Key
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.Key$KeyBackgroundState
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.Key$OptionalAttributes
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.Key$Spacer
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/utils/AutoCorrectionUtils.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.utils.AutoCorrectionUtils
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/utils/ApplicationUtils.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.utils.ApplicationUtils
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/setup/SetupStepIndicatorView.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.setup.SetupStepIndicatorView
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/intro/FinnishActivity.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.FinnishActivity
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/WordComposer.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.WordComposer
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/DictionaryFacilitator.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.DictionaryFacilitator
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.DictionaryFacilitator$DictionaryInitializationListener
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/keyboard/emoji/EmojiLayoutParams.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.emoji.EmojiLayoutParams
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/intro/app/SlideFragment.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.app.SlideFragment
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/keyboard/internal/SmoothingUtils.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.internal.SmoothingUtils
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/intro/view/FadeableViewPager.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.view.FadeableViewPager
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.view.FadeableViewPager$1
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.view.FadeableViewPager$OnOverscrollPageChangeListener
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.view.FadeableViewPager$OnPageChangeListenerWrapper
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.view.FadeableViewPager$PageTransformerWrapper
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.view.FadeableViewPager$PagerAdapterWrapper
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.view.FadeableViewPager$PagerAdapterWrapper$1
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.view.FadeableViewPager$SimpleOnOverscrollPageChangeListener
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/changes/MySharedPref.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.changes.MySharedPref
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/utils/ResourceUtils.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.utils.ResourceUtils
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.utils.ResourceUtils$DeviceOverridePatternSyntaxError
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/keyboard/emoji/EmojiCategory.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.emoji.EmojiCategory
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.emoji.EmojiCategory$1
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.emoji.EmojiCategory$CategoryProperties
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/keyboard/internal/KeyDrawParams.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.internal.KeyDrawParams
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/userdictionary/UserDictionaryList.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.userdictionary.UserDictionaryList
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/intro/view/parallax/util/ParallaxUtil.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.view.parallax.util.ParallaxUtil
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/keyboard/emoji/EmojiCategoryPageIndicatorView.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.emoji.EmojiCategoryPageIndicatorView
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/suggestions/MoreSuggestionsView.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.suggestions.MoreSuggestionsView
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.suggestions.MoreSuggestionsView$MoreSuggestionsListener
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/settings/CustomInputStylePreference.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.settings.CustomInputStylePreference
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.settings.CustomInputStylePreference$KeyboardLayoutSetAdapter
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.settings.CustomInputStylePreference$KeyboardLayoutSetItem
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.settings.CustomInputStylePreference$Listener
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.settings.CustomInputStylePreference$SavedState
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.settings.CustomInputStylePreference$SavedState$1
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.settings.CustomInputStylePreference$SubtypeLocaleAdapter
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.settings.CustomInputStylePreference$SubtypeLocaleItem
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/utils/TextRange.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.utils.TextRange
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/utils/DialogUtils.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.utils.DialogUtils
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/common/LocaleUtils.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.common.LocaleUtils
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/intro/app/ButtonCtaFragment.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.app.ButtonCtaFragment
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/about/AboutPreferences.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.about.AboutPreferences
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/InputView.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.InputView
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.InputView$KeyboardTopPaddingForwarder
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.InputView$MoreSuggestionsViewCanceler
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.InputView$MotionEventForwarder
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/keyboard/internal/KeyboardTextsTable.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.internal.KeyboardTextsTable
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/keyboard/Keyboard.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.Keyboard
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/common/FileUtils.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.common.FileUtils
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/keyboard/internal/GestureStrokeRecognitionParams.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.internal.GestureStrokeRecognitionParams
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/utils/BinaryDictionaryUtils.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.utils.BinaryDictionaryUtils
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/userdictionary/UserDictionarySettings.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.userdictionary.UserDictionarySettings
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.userdictionary.UserDictionarySettings$MyAdapter
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.userdictionary.UserDictionarySettings$MyAdapter$1
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/intro/slide/SimpleSlideActivity.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.slide.SimpleSlideActivity
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/utils/RunInLocale.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.utils.RunInLocale
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/define/ProductionFlags.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.define.ProductionFlags
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/intro/slide/SimpleSlide.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.slide.SimpleSlide
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.slide.SimpleSlide$1
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.slide.SimpleSlide$Builder
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.intro.slide.SimpleSlide$SimpleSlideFragment
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/DictionaryPackInstallBroadcastReceiver.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.DictionaryPackInstallBroadcastReceiver
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/keyboard/internal/BatchInputArbiter.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.internal.BatchInputArbiter
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.internal.BatchInputArbiter$BatchInputArbiterListener
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/keyboard/internal/KeyboardTextsSet.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.internal.KeyboardTextsSet
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.internal.KeyboardTextsSet$1
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/settings/TwoStatePreferenceHelper.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.settings.TwoStatePreferenceHelper
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/common/CoordinateUtils.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.common.CoordinateUtils
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/inputlogic/InputLogic.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.inputlogic.InputLogic
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.inputlogic.InputLogic$1
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.inputlogic.InputLogic$2
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/latin/PersonalDictionaryLookup.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.PersonalDictionaryLookup
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.PersonalDictionaryLookup$PersonalDictionaryContentObserver
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.latin.PersonalDictionaryLookup$PersonalDictionaryListener
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/keyboard/emoji/EmojiPalettesView.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.emoji.EmojiPalettesView
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.emoji.EmojiPalettesView$1
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.emoji.EmojiPalettesView$DeleteKeyOnTouchListener
io/github/otobikb/inputmethod/keyboard/KeyboardView.java
 io.github.otobikb.inputmethod.keyboard.KeyboardView
