androidx.startup.InitializationProvider
com.google.android.gms.common.GooglePlayServicesMissingManifestValueException
com.google.android.gms.ads.AdActivity
androidx.recyclerview.widget.GridLayoutManager
androidx.work.impl.background.systemjob.SystemJobService
android.support.v4.media.session.ParcelableVolumeInfo
com.google.android.gms.common.api.internal.LifecycleCallback
androidx.work.impl.background.systemalarm.ConstraintProxy$NetworkStateProxy
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleInitializer
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout
com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView
androidx.lifecycle.SingleGeneratedAdapterObserver
com.german.keyboard.app.free.keyboard.emoji.EmojiCategoryPageIndicatorView
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout$ScrollingViewBehavior
com.google.android.material.transformation.FabTransformationSheetBehavior
com.google.ads.mediation.customevent.CustomEventInterstitial
androidx.versionedparcelable.CustomVersionedParcelable
com.google.ads.mediation.customevent.CustomEventAdapter
com.google.android.material.transformation.ExpandableTransformationBehavior
androidx.media.AudioAttributesImplBase
kotlinx.coroutines.android.AndroidDispatcherFactory
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.settings.AppearanceSettingsFragment
com.google.android.play.core.assetpacks.AssetPackExtractionService
androidx.lifecycle.WithLifecycleStateKt$suspendWithStateAtLeastUnchecked$$inlined$suspendCancellableCoroutine$lambda$1
androidx.work.impl.background.systemalarm.RescheduleReceiver
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.offline.buffering.OfflinePingSender
androidx.media.AudioAttributesCompat
androidx.appcompat.widget.ContentFrameLayout
androidx.work.WorkManagerInitializer
androidx.fragment.app.Fragment$5
com.google.android.material.datepicker.MaterialTextInputPicker
androidx.activity.OnBackPressedDispatcher$LifecycleOnBackPressedCancellable
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActivityChooserView$InnerLayout
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout$Behavior
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.overlay.AdOverlayInfoParcel
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete
com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.customevent.CustomEventInterstitial
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.DicTraverseSession
com.google.android.material.snackbar.SnackbarContentLayout
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.suggestions.SuggestionStripView
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.DictionaryPackInstallBroadcastReceiver
com.google.android.material.datepicker.MaterialCalendarGridView
com.german.keyboard.app.free.inputmethod.dictionarypack.DictionaryProvider
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropOverlayView
pl.droidsonroids.gif.GifIOException
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup
com.google.android.gms.ads.AdService
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton$BaseBehavior
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentManager$6
com.google.android.gms.common.GooglePlayServicesManifestException
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzcoi
com.google.ads.mediation.MediationInterstitialAdapter
androidx.core.app.RemoteActionCompatParcelizer
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.settings.DebugSettingsFragment
androidx.lifecycle.FullLifecycleObserverAdapter
com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.MediationInterstitialAdapter
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity$4
com.google.android.gms.common.api.internal.BasePendingResult
android.support.v4.media.MediaDescriptionCompat
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView
android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$ItemReceiver
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ListMenuItemView
androidx.appcompat.app.AlertController$RecycleListView
com.google.android.material.transformation.ExpandableBehavior
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton$ExtendedFloatingActionButtonBehavior
android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$CustomActionResultReceiver
androidx.media.AudioAttributesImpl
androidx.savedstate.Recreator
com.google.android.material.transformation.FabTransformationScrimBehavior
com.google.android.material.bottomsheet.BottomSheetBehavior
androidx.work.Worker
com.google.android.gms.dynamite.descriptors.com.google.android.gms.ads.dynamite.ModuleDescriptor
androidx.work.impl.WorkDatabase_Impl
android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat
kotlinx.coroutines.android.AndroidExceptionPreHandler
android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$QueueItem
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ExpandedMenuView
com.google.android.material.transformation.FabTransformationBehavior
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip
androidx.viewpager.widget.ViewPager
androidx.transition.FragmentTransitionSupport
com.google.android.play.core.assetpacks.ExtractionForegroundService
com.google.android.play.core.missingsplits.PlayCoreMissingSplitsActivity
androidx.media.AudioAttributesImplBaseParcelizer
com.google.android.gms.common.util.DynamiteApi
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.setup.SetupStepIndicatorView
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton$Behavior
com.google.android.gms.common.api.GoogleApiActivity
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbye
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout
com.google.android.gms.common.api.Scope
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.spellcheck.SpellCheckerSettingsActivity
androidx.work.ListenableWorker
com.google.android.gms.ads.nativead.MediaView
android.support.v4.media.session.MediaControllerCompat$MediaControllerImplApi21$ExtraBinderRequestResultReceiver
androidx.work.impl.utils.ForceStopRunnable$BroadcastReceiver
com.google.android.material.timepicker.ClockFaceView
com.google.android.material.timepicker.ClockHandView
com.google.android.material.behavior.SwipeDismissBehavior
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.settings.SettingsActivity
com.german.keyboard.app.free.inputmethod.changes.ImagesFragment
com.module.ads.AppOpenManager
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.StackTraceRecoveryKt
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Barrier
androidx.appcompat.widget.DialogTitle
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuView
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView
com.google.android.material.internal.CheckableImageButton
com.google.ads.mediation.admob.AdMobAdapter
com.german.keyboard.app.free.keyboard.ProximityInfo
androidx.media.AudioAttributesCompatParcelizer
androidx.appcompat.widget.FitWindowsLinearLayout
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.setup.SetupStartIndicatorView$LabelView
com.google.android.gms.dynamite.DynamiteModule$DynamiteLoaderClassLoader
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.ReflectedParcelable
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView
android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Token
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputEditText
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton
com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.customevent.CustomEventAdapter
androidx.work.impl.background.systemalarm.SystemAlarmService
com.google.ads.mediation.AbstractAdViewAdapter
androidx.recyclerview.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.settings.GestureSettingsFragment
com.google.android.material.timepicker.ChipTextInputComboView
com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.customevent.CustomEventNative
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Guideline
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.settings.CorrectionSettingsFragment
android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat
androidx.lifecycle.LifecycleController$observer$1
androidx.appcompat.widget.ButtonBarLayout
android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat
android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$SearchResultReceiver
com.german.keyboard.app.free.keyboard.emoji.EmojiPalettesView
androidx.activity.ImmLeaksCleaner
com.google.android.material.timepicker.TimePickerView
androidx.work.impl.foreground.SystemForegroundService
com.google.android.gms.common.annotation.KeepName
androidx.appcompat.widget.FitWindowsFrameLayout
com.google.android.material.datepicker.MaterialDatePicker
com.google.android.material.theme.MaterialComponentsViewInflater
androidx.viewpager2.adapter.FragmentStateAdapter$FragmentMaxLifecycleEnforcer$3
androidx.core.app.CoreComponentFactory
com.module.ads.App
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompatParcelizer
androidx.work.impl.workers.CombineContinuationsWorker
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButtonToggleGroup
com.german.keyboard.app.free.changes.Main_Activity
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.LatinIME
com.german.keyboard.app.free.changes.Premium
androidx.viewpager2.widget.ViewPager2
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.suggestions.MoreSuggestionsView
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.settings.SeekBarDialogPreference
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout
com.google.android.gms.common.GooglePlayServicesIncorrectManifestValueException
com.google.android.gms.common.api.Status
com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.rtb.RtbAdapter
androidx.work.impl.WorkDatabase
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.offline.buffering.OfflineNotificationPoster
androidx.lifecycle.SavedStateHandleController$1
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.SystemBroadcastReceiver
com.google.android.material.behavior.HideBottomViewOnScrollBehavior
com.google.android.material.appbar.MaterialToolbar
androidx.appcompat.widget.AlertDialogLayout
com.infideap.drawerbehavior.Advance3DDrawerLayout
com.german.keyboard.app.free.changes.TestActivity
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity$5
com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.MediationNativeAdapter
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView
com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.customevent.CustomEventBanner
androidx.viewpager2.adapter.FragmentStateAdapter$2
android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$MediaItem
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity$3
androidx.versionedparcelable.ParcelImpl
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.settings.AdvancedSettingsFragment
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout
androidx.work.impl.workers.ConstraintTrackingWorker
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.BinaryDictionary
com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.MediationBannerAdapter
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat
kotlin.coroutines.jvm.internal.BaseContinuationImpl
androidx.work.impl.background.systemalarm.ConstraintProxy$BatteryChargingProxy
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.settings.TestFragmentActivity
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.utils.BinaryDictionaryUtils
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.spellcheck.AndroidSpellCheckerService
com.google.ads.mediation.customevent.CustomEventBanner
androidx.savedstate.SavedStateRegistry$1
com.google.android.gms.ads.MobileAdsInitProvider
com.german.keyboard.app.free.keyboard.MainKeyboardView
kotlinx.coroutines.CoroutineExceptionHandler
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.util.WorkManagerUtil
com.module.ads.TemplateView
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.settings.ThemeSettingsFragment
androidx.media.AudioAttributesImplApi21
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar$Behavior
androidx.work.impl.background.systemalarm.ConstraintProxy$BatteryNotLowProxy
androidx.appcompat.widget.ViewStubCompat
com.android.billingclient.api.ProxyBillingActivity
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView
com.german.keyboard.app.free.changes.PrivacyPolicy
com.german.keyboard.app.free.changes.Splash_Screen_Activity
androidx.lifecycle.ReflectiveGenericLifecycleObserver
com.github.naz013.colorslider.ColorSlider
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.ClientApi
androidx.work.impl.background.systemalarm.ConstraintProxy$StorageNotLowProxy
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.setup.SetupWizardActivity
androidx.lifecycle.LiveData$LifecycleBoundObserver
android.support.v4.app.RemoteActionCompatParcelizer
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.InputView
com.german.keyboard.app.free.keyboard.MoreKeysKeyboardView
androidx.emoji2.text.EmojiCompatInitializer$1
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.signin.GoogleSignInAccount
androidx.work.OverwritingInputMerger
com.google.ads.mediation.AdUrlAdapter
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.MainDispatcherFactory
com.german.keyboard.app.free.keyboard.emoji.EmojiPageKeyboardView
androidx.emoji2.text.EmojiCompatInitializer
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycling$1
com.google.android.gms.ads.nativead.NativeAdView
com.google.android.material.textview.MaterialTextView
com.google.android.material.datepicker.MaterialCalendar
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.settings.PreferencesSettingsFragment
androidx.room.MultiInstanceInvalidationService
android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.IconCompatParcelizer
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat
com.german.keyboard.app.free.inputmethod.changes.ThemeActivity
androidx.fragment.app.DialogFragment
com.google.android.gms.common.SupportErrorDialogFragment
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContainer
com.google.android.play.core.common.PlayCoreDialogWrapperActivity
android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$CustomAction
androidx.browser.browseractions.BrowserActionsFallbackMenuView
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$Behavior
androidx.work.impl.background.systemalarm.ConstraintProxyUpdateReceiver
androidx.lifecycle.CompositeGeneratedAdaptersObserver
androidx.work.impl.workers.DiagnosticsWorker
androidx.lifecycle.LifecycleCoroutineScopeImpl
android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$ResultReceiverWrapper
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzcoh
androidx.activity.result.ActivityResultRegistry$1
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout$BaseBehavior
com.google.ads.mediation.MediationBannerAdapter
androidx.lifecycle.SavedStateHandleController
androidx.media.AudioAttributesImplApi21Parcelizer
com.google.android.material.internal.BaselineLayout
com.google.android.material.snackbar.Snackbar$SnackbarLayout
androidx.annotation.Keep
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.setup.SetupStartIndicatorView
androidx.recyclerview.widget.LinearLayoutManager
kotlin.internal.jdk7.JDK7PlatformImplementations
androidx.work.impl.diagnostics.DiagnosticsReceiver
androidx.work.WorkerParameters
androidx.core.app.RemoteActionCompat
androidx.viewpager2.adapter.FragmentStateAdapter$5
androidx.work.ArrayCreatingInputMerger
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzadf: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: long zzA
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfze: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbv: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbv zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyy: long zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzazl: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzggj zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfxu: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgex zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbah: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbz zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgkf: java.lang.String zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgjq: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgex zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: int zzaF
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfzb: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfzb zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzn: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzadi: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbr: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbr zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyy: long zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyw: long zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: java.lang.String zzaL
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.zzj: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzanm: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbt: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgbq: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgbt zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbcs: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbcs zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfyy: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfyy zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfxu: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbad: int zzg
com.google.android.material.datepicker.DateValidatorPointForward: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbck: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbaf: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbx zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzajg: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzazl: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbak: java.lang.String zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbdn: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzcgz: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzajc: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgkd: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzggj zzm
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbaf: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfzy: int zzb
com.google.ads.mediation.admob.AdMobAdapter: java.lang.String HOUSE_ADS_PARAMETER
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzxz: int zzq
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgao: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfjf: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzggf zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbap: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbz zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfys: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgex zze
kotlin.coroutines.AbstractCoroutineContextElement: kotlin.coroutines.CoroutineContext$Key key
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzm: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.ads.mediation.AbstractAdViewAdapter: com.google.android.gms.ads.AdLoader adLoader
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbad: int zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzakh: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbap: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzazl zzn
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: long zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbcm: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbcm zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbn: int zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgbc: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzggj zze
androidx.fragment.app.BackStackState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageOptions: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyy: long zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: java.lang.String zzU
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzxz: java.lang.String zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbah: int zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbah: java.lang.String zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.measurement.zzz: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler: int _isTerminated
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgjm: byte zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyw: int zzo
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgkg: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzggj zzv
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzazn: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbap: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbap zzr
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzxz: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzggj zzp
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgkg: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgex zzs
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbcb: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbck zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfjf: java.lang.String zzi
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$3: androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner this$0
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbci: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyw: long zzs
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbaf: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbx zzg
com.google.android.material.timepicker.TimeModel: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbap: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbah zzk
androidx.activity.result.ActivityResult: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbrl: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyy: long zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbcs: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzazu: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzggj zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbap: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbn zzo
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzazt: boolean zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzazl: int zzf
com.google.android.material.datepicker.CalendarConstraints: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.ads.mediation.AbstractAdViewAdapter: java.lang.String AD_UNIT_ID_PARAMETER
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfjs: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbav: int zzg
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$3$1: androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$3 this$1
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbcq: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: java.lang.String zzT
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbf: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbav: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzggj zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: long zzai
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgkg: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzggj zzo
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgau: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgau zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfjn: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzazz: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: long zzaq
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: java.lang.String zzay
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfjq: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbi: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzggf zzi
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.signin.internal.zaa: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbcb: int zzl
com.google.android.material.internal.CheckableImageButton$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbi: int zzl
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzadf: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgex zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: long zzaI
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzapk: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgjt: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbcd: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzazn: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzazt zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfxx: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfya zzb
androidx.work.impl.utils.futures.AbstractFuture: androidx.work.impl.utils.futures.AbstractFuture$Listener listeners
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbcb: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbcs zzh
com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfxr: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfxx zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbcg: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgbt: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgau zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbcm: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbi: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzggg zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbav: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbar zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: long zzr
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgjm: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgjq: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgjq zzk
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzayn: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.material.stateful.ExtendableSavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$MediaItem: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzazr: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzazr zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgkd: java.lang.String zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyh: java.lang.String zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfyy: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzakd: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz zzaM
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbx: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbx zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfxi: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfxi zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgbg: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgkd: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgcb: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgex zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: long zzZ
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgby: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgby zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgkd: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbah: int zzk
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgjq: byte zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbp: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: long zzn
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbco: int zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzadi: java.lang.String zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfqw$zzl: java.lang.Thread thread
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgcb: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgcb zzf
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.WorkQueue: int consumerIndex
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgbh: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgbh zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbap: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbd zzm
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyw: long zzm
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: long zzq
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzajk: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbt: int zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbf: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbf zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzcfr: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzadf: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzadi zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfxo: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgai zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgax: java.lang.String zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: long zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: long zzaD
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.zav: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbx: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzaiz: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzggj zzaB
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: long zzac
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbv: java.lang.String zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgbb: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgar zzb
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.overlay.AdOverlayInfoParcel: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyh: java.lang.String zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzazr: boolean zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbn: java.lang.String zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzazl: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzggj zzo
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler$Worker: int workerCtl
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfqw$zzl: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfqw$zzl next
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.LockFreeTaskQueueCore: long _state
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: int zzax
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzapj: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbcs: int zzb
androidx.activity.result.IntentSenderRequest: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.WorkQueue: int producerIndex
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzazl: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzazl zzp
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgjt: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgjt zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzzi: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgbk: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgbn zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgjq: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzggj zzf
androidx.versionedparcelable.ParcelImpl: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
androidx.recyclerview.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$LazySpanLookup$FullSpanItem: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzxz: long zzm
com.google.android.gms.common.api.Scope: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzzk zzau
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzxx: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzxx zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbt: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbt zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgjx: java.lang.String zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbab: java.lang.String zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfzv: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzaru: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgkg: java.lang.String zzl
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyw: long zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgkd: int zzl
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzye: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzye zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbcb: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbcd zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzzb zzM
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgai: int zzb
androidx.recyclerview.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyy: long zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzcam: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbz: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgao: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: long zzp
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbcb: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbcm zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgbq: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzxx: java.lang.String zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgju: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgju zzl
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbr: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfys: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfys zzf
android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbav: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgkg: boolean zzq
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfzv: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfzv zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzxz: java.lang.String zzg
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler: long controlState
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfyg: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfyj zzb
kotlinx.coroutines.android.AndroidExceptionPreHandler: java.lang.Object _preHandler
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzcav: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyu: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbcx: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbcb: int zzs
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgkd: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgkd zzo
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbcb: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbx zzn
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentManager$LaunchedFragmentInfo: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzzb: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzggf zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyw: long zzq
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbd: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbcd: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfyp: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzzd: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgex zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbab: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzggj zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzcbj: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: long zzab
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzadf: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzadf zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgkd: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgju zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzazl: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbaf zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfxf: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfxf zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: int zzW
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfjf: java.lang.String zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzarw: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgai: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgai zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzcax: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfxo: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyy: long zzk
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfzp: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfzs zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: long zzN
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbcb: int zzm
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzccg: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfxl: int zzb
com.google.ads.mediation.AbstractAdViewAdapter: com.google.android.gms.ads.AdView mAdView
kotlinx.coroutines.EventLoopImplBase: java.lang.Object _delayed
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzaje: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgkg: java.lang.String zzh
android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$ResultReceiverWrapper: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgga: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgip zzc
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzzd: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgex zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbp: int zzl
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbcb: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: long zzO
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbcb: int zzp
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfyy: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgex zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbad: java.lang.String zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: long zzl
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfxf: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbaf: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzggj zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfxl: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfxl zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyw: long zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbi: int zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbcm: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbcg zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzajm: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzxz: java.lang.String zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyw: long zzv
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfjf: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzggg zzf
com.google.android.gms.signin.internal.zak: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbn: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbn zzl
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbf: int zze
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.MethodInvocation: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgjq: int zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: long zzav
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: int zzar
com.google.android.gms.dynamite.descriptors.com.google.android.gms.ads.dynamite.ModuleDescriptor: java.lang.String MODULE_ID
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event ON_PAUSE
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyh: java.lang.String zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbp: int zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbi: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbi zzr
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgal: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbcq: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbcq zzh
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.zat: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event ON_STOP
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbcs: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbcg zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfze: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfze zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: long zzV
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgcb: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgkg: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyh: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgju: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgjt zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: long zzah
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbah: int zzl
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: java.lang.String zzI
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbcb: long zzt
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbar: int zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgkg: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbcb: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbci zzk
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzaji: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgbt: java.lang.String zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbad: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbad zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgkg: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgkf zzt
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbim: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfyj: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfyj zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgju: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgex zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzym: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbis: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbcz: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: long zzaa
androidx.transition.ChangeBounds$7: androidx.transition.ChangeBounds$ViewBounds mViewBounds
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: int zzaw
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyh: java.lang.String zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzzi: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgex zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfzp: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfzp zze
android.support.v4.media.session.ParcelableVolumeInfo: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfxo: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfxo zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: long zzG
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgbc: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgbc zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgbb: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgjm: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgex zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzxz: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzxz zzr
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbco: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgjp: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgex zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgga: java.util.Map zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzzm: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzggj zze
com.google.android.gms.ads.formats.AdManagerAdViewOptions: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbn: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyw: long zzw
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgkd: java.lang.String zzk
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbah: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbx zzf
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout$BaseBehavior$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: long zzy
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbck: int zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbav: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbx zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbad: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzxz: java.lang.String zzn
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: long zzaj
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: int zzad
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbco: int zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbi: long zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgjk: java.lang.String zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzxz: java.lang.String zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgbh: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzggj zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzcdg: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgab: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzadi: long zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgjk: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgjk zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfxr: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfxr zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbaf: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbx zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyc: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzye zze
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.overlay.zzc: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
androidx.customview.view.AbsSavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfzm: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgau zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbco: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbcg zzf
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzys: long zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbaf: int zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: java.lang.String zzE
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzazz: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbt zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: long zzK
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzzb: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzzb zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbi: int zzb
com.google.ads.mediation.AbstractAdViewAdapter: com.google.android.gms.ads.interstitial.InterstitialAd mInterstitialAd
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfxo: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfxu zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbck: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbck zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgby: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzggj zze
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.WorkQueue: int blockingTasksInBuffer
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzzk: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzzk zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfym: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfym zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbat: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzggf zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbak: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbz zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbcg: int zze
com.google.ads.mediation.AdUrlAdapter: java.lang.String AD_URL_AD_UNIT_ID
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzxz: long zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzakn: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzaiv: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgbb: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgbb zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzzi: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzzi zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfxr: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgal zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgkg: boolean zzr
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgkg: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgkg zzx
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfyd: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfyd zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgkg: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzggj zzu
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgjp: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzym: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzym: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzym zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgbh: int zzb
kotlinx.coroutines.EventLoopImplBase: int _isCompleted
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyw: long zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: long zzP
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzazt: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzazt zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbi: int zzo
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfjf: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfjf zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgkf: int zzb
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.LockFreeTaskQueue: java.lang.Object _cur
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event ON_RESUME
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbak: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbcg: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbcg zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbap: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbcu zzp
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzary: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzajo: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgbc: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgkg: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgjk zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzayk: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgab: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgex zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzblv: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyu: int zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyw: long zzy
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbz: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzazl: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.ConnectionTelemetryConfiguration: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.signin.internal.zai: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfzy: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgex zzf
androidx.drawerlayout.widget.DrawerLayout$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfym: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgkg: java.lang.String zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: long zzam
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: long zzL
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfya: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbv: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbdl: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzazt: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbat: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: long zzQ
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyu: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyu zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbcb: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbcb zzu
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbn: long zzk
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbap: int zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzakk: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbn: java.lang.String zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbck: int zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzzd: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzzd zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgar: java.lang.String zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfjf: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzzm: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgex zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgkd: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgjq zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgce: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfym: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgex zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgkg: java.lang.String zzg
com.google.ads.mediation.admob.AdMobAdapter: java.lang.String NEW_BUNDLE
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfze: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgex zze
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.settings.CustomInputStylePreference$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbn: long zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: long zzu
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbi: long zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbar: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzggf zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyc: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyh zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyw zzae
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbdg: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbt: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgax: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgax zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgjq: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgjp zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzys: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzys zzg
com.google.android.material.internal.ParcelableSparseArray: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgal: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgal zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: java.lang.String zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzakq: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbaf: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbaf zzk
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbr: int zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfyp: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfyp zzf
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event ON_CREATE
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfzb: int zzb
com.google.android.material.badge.BadgeDrawable$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzzb: int zzf
android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbar: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbx zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbad: int zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbco: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgbt: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgbt zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: java.lang.String zzap
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbqy: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbav: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbav zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: java.lang.String zzC
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzazn: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzazr zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgkg: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzggj zzk
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgfx: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgfr zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzadi: long zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyw: int zzk
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzcbh: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfzy: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgex zzg
android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$CustomAction: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: long zzt
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgau: int zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzcdv: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: long zzm
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbp: int zzm
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgbb: int zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfcj: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgjk: int zzb
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.DispatchedContinuation: java.lang.Object _reusableCancellableContinuation
android.support.v4.os.ResultReceiver: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.material.bottomsheet.BottomSheetBehavior$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbci: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbx zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzzb: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbcq: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbx zzg
com.google.android.gms.common.api.internal.BasePendingResult: com.google.android.gms.common.api.internal.zar mResultGuardian
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfjj: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.common.api.Status: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgkg: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgjx zzm
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbcm: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: long zzw
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzxx: java.lang.String zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgkg: byte zzw
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfyd: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgex zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfyd: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfyj zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbi: int zzp
com.google.android.material.datepicker.Month: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzzk: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyw: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbci: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbcg zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyc: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyc zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzazl: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbat zzm
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbd: int zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyw: long zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: int zzas
com.google.android.gms.common.ConnectionResult: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgbb: int zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgax: java.lang.String zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbap: int zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzajz: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzxz: java.lang.String zzo
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfjj: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfjj zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgbg: int zzg
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.util.zzbc: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgeg: int zza
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfya: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfya zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfyv: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: int zzf
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event[] $VALUES
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: long zzv
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbap: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgbg: java.lang.String zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzazl: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbav zzn
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event ON_ANY
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzccl: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: java.lang.String zzaE
androidx.viewpager2.widget.ViewPager2$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbf: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbx zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbrx: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbco: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbco zzk
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzye: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgjp: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgex zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: long zzz
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.signin.GoogleSignInAccount: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyw: long zzn
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbi: long zzg
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event ON_START
com.google.ads.mediation.admob.AdMobAdapter: java.lang.String AD_JSON_PARAMETER
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbah: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfxu: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfxu zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbaf: int zzb
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.WorkQueue: java.lang.Object lastScheduledTask
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfzy: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfzs zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyy: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyy zzl
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgkf: long zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbv: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbx zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbcd: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbcd zzh
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzakb: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: java.lang.String zzD
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzye: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: int zzX
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbap: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgkd: byte zzn
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzazr: int zzf
androidx.work.impl.utils.futures.AbstractFuture$Waiter: androidx.work.impl.utils.futures.AbstractFuture$Waiter next
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfri: java.util.Set seenExceptions
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzazl: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbad zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzzd: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgkg: int zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbdr: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgal: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgao zzb
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.LockFreeTaskQueueCore: java.lang.Object _next
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgbk: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbci: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbci zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbi: int zzm
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: long zzak
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbi: int zzq
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbco: long zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgju: byte zzk
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzzd: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgex zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgar: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgex zze
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler$Worker: int indexInArray
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbv: int zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbp: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzavh: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
androidx.customview.widget.ExploreByTouchHelper: int mHoveredVirtualViewId
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyc: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfxf: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfxl zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: long zzY
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyw: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyw zzz
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbah: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbah zzm
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbp: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbr zzo
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgau: java.lang.String zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzxz: java.lang.String zzl
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbd: int zzb
androidx.recyclerview.widget.LinearLayoutManager$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
kotlinx.coroutines.android.HandlerContext: kotlinx.coroutines.android.HandlerContext _immediate
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgab: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgai: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgao zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfyv: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfyv zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbp: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbp zzp
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzzm: int zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbat: int zze
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.safeparcel.SafeParcelable: java.lang.String NULL
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgce: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgce zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: int zzat
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyh: java.lang.String zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: long zzR
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzzb: boolean zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfxi: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfxl zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgby: java.lang.String zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgau: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgex zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbya: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgjm: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgjm zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbcb: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbcq zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzadi: long zzh
com.google.android.gms.common.Feature: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzzm: int zzg
kotlinx.coroutines.EventLoopImplBase: java.lang.Object _queue
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgjt: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgex zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfjf: java.lang.String zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: long zzH
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbci: int zzf
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.GetServiceRequest: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbi: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbd zzk
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfyv: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgax: boolean zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbar: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzazl: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbf zzl
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbz: int zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbr: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbah: int zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfkb: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzxz: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbco: int zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyw: long zzx
androidx.viewpager.widget.ViewPager$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgbg: int zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfjj: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfxf: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgex zze
com.google.android.gms.appset.zza: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyy: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbab: int zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: boolean zzaG
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.ThreadSafeHeap: int _size
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfxx: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfxx zzf
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler: long parkedWorkersStack
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyw: long zzt
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgju: int zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyu zzaC
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgkg: boolean zzn
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfxx: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: java.lang.String zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzazn: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzazn zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbak: java.lang.String zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzzk: java.lang.String zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbcu: int zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbck: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgkd: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzggf zzj
androidx.work.impl.utils.futures.AbstractFuture: androidx.work.impl.utils.futures.AbstractFuture$Waiter waiters
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbp: int zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzazu: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzazu zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: java.lang.String zzaH
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbap: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzggi zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgjq: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgex zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzys: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: int zzaA
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbx: int zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgbn: java.lang.String zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgbn: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgbn zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbx: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbcu: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzazz: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzazz zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyu: long zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgax: java.lang.String zzb
com.google.android.gms.appset.zzc: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbhg: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfyd: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbak: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyw: long zzu
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbcu: boolean zze
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
kotlinx.coroutines.CompletedExceptionally: int _handled
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbab: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbab zzh
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event ON_DESTROY
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfzs: int zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyy zzag
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzzi zzaJ
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgjx: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyw: long zzl
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfyg: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfyg zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzggj zzaf
kotlinx.coroutines.DefaultExecutor: int debugStatus
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbci: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbz zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzzm: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfzh: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfzh zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: long zzB
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfzs zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzzb: long zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfzm zze
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.signin.internal.zag: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbio: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyy: long zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzazt: boolean zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgkd: int zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzxz: long zzk
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgjx: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbad: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzggj zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgkg: java.lang.String zzp
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyw: long zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbck: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbcg zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzggj zzaz
com.google.ads.mediation.admob.AdMobAdapter: java.lang.String AD_PARAMETER
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfxi: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyw: long zzr
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbp: int zzj
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyh: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyh zzk
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbcd: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbx zzg
com.google.android.gms.dynamite.DynamiteModule$DynamiteLoaderClassLoader: java.lang.ClassLoader sClassLoader
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzazl: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbp zzk
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgjt: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgex zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgga: int zzd
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfjj: java.lang.String zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfxu: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfya zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: long zzaK
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgax: int zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgar: int zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: long zzo
android.support.v4.media.MediaDescriptionCompat: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzazn: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbab: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzzi: java.lang.String zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbp: int zzk
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzadf: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgex zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfzs: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgab zzb
kotlinx.coroutines.CommonPool: java.util.concurrent.Executor pool
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzakf: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfzy: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfzy zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgbg: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgbg zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbar: java.lang.String zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbcb: int zzq
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbcq: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbcg zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzzm: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzzm zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgju: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzzi: long zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbcu: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbcu zzg
kotlinx.coroutines.DefaultExecutor: java.lang.Thread _thread
com.google.android.gms.dynamite.descriptors.com.google.android.gms.ads.dynamite.ModuleDescriptor: int MODULE_VERSION
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentManagerState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfzv: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfzy zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbap: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzazu zzq
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzxx: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgbq: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgbq zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: long zzan
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgju: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzggj zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbd: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbd zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbn: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzggj zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzajs: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfjj: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfjf zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: java.lang.String zzs
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbap: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbak zzl
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgjx: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgjx zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzazr: int zzb
android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$QueueItem: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Token: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler$Worker: java.lang.Object nextParkedWorker
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbcq: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: long zzJ
androidx.work.impl.utils.futures.AbstractFuture: java.lang.Object value
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbah: int zzj
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfqw: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfqw$zzd listeners
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: long zzF
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: long zzx
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbn: int zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbp: int zzg
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyw: long zzp
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzzd: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgex zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzzb: long zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyh: java.lang.String zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfqw: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfqw$zzl waiters
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzazt: int zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzajq: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgal: int zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbcb: int zzr
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfyg: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: long zzk
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzazl: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbab zzg
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.zzi: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfzm: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfzm zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzys: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgjt: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgjp: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgjp zzh
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.TelemetryData: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgar: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgar zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfqw: java.lang.Object value
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.LimitingDispatcher: int inFlightTasks
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgjp: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgex zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgju: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgex zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfzv: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgex zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgju: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgex zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbra: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbp: int zzn
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgjx: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgex zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbat: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbat zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzasc: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgab: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgab zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfzb: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbcb: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbco zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbar: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbar zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbi: int zzn
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfyj: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgjm: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgex zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgjq: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbdp: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzadi: java.lang.String zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzadi: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzadi zzj
com.google.android.gms.ads.formats.PublisherAdViewOptions: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbz: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbz zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgkf: boolean zzg
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbcm: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbx zzg
androidx.work.impl.utils.futures.AbstractFuture$Waiter: java.lang.Thread thread
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfri: int remaining
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: long zzal
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgao: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgao zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfjj: java.lang.String zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfyp: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbz: int zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: long zzS
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzyz: long zzao
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbak: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbak zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfjz: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfys: int zzb
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgbk: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgbk zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbcb: int zzo
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbcd: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbcg zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgai: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgex zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzxz: long zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbrv: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbck: int zzi
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzazz: int zze
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgkf: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgkf zzh
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbap: java.lang.String zzf
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbp: int zzi
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.RootTelemetryConfiguration: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: float getScaleX()
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: void setFontAssetDelegate(com.airbnb.lottie.FontAssetDelegate)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: float getChipMinHeight()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl28: int hashCode()
com.google.android.gms.common.api.internal.BasePendingResult: BasePendingResult()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setLineHeight(int)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: boolean getPreserveFocusAfterLayout()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEmojiTextHelper getEmojiTextViewHelper()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: int getInsetTop()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: WindowInsetsCompat$Impl(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView: void setOnMenuItemClickListener(androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView$OnMenuItemClickListener)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setBoxStrokeColor(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl$1: ViewCompat$Api21Impl$1(android.view.View,androidx.core.view.OnApplyWindowInsetsListener)
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzcoi: void onDestroy()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setEndIconOnLongClickListener(android.view.View$OnLongClickListener)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setSearchableInfo(android.app.SearchableInfo)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ViewStubCompat: int getLayoutResource()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: void requestFitSystemWindows(android.view.View)
androidx.constraintlayout.core.widgets.analyzer.DependencyNode$Type: androidx.constraintlayout.core.widgets.analyzer.DependencyNode$Type[] values()
androidx.core.widget.EdgeEffectCompat$Api31Impl: android.widget.EdgeEffect create(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipStrokeColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityPrePaused(android.app.Activity)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContainer: void setVisibility(int)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton: void setExtendMotionSpecResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextViewAutoSizeHelper$Impl29: AppCompatTextViewAutoSizeHelper$Impl29()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: android.graphics.RectF getBoundsAsRectF()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputEditText: java.lang.CharSequence getHint()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextViewAutoSizeHelper$Impl: void computeAndSetTextDirection(android.text.StaticLayout$Builder,android.widget.TextView)
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: void setFabCornerSize(float)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setIconSize(int)
com.google.ads.mediation.AbstractAdViewAdapter: com.google.android.gms.ads.AdRequest buildAdRequest(android.content.Context,com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.MediationAdRequest,android.os.Bundle,android.os.Bundle)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setTextFuture(java.util.concurrent.Future)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: boolean isNestedScrollingEnabled(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$Behavior: BaseTransientBottomBar$Behavior()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setHintAnimationEnabled(boolean)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconPressed(boolean)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setSupportImageTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.google.android.material.timepicker.ClockHandView: ClockHandView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.ads.mediation.customevent.CustomEventBanner: void destroy()
com.german.keyboard.app.free.keyboard.KeyboardView: com.german.keyboard.app.free.keyboard.internal.KeyVisualAttributes getKeyVisualAttribute()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setImageURI(android.net.Uri)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: void setFixedAspectRatio(boolean)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: void setMinWidth(int)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportImageTintMode()
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: void setCardBackgroundColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.customevent.CustomEventInterstitial: void onPause()
androidx.work.ListenableWorker: void setRunInForeground(boolean)
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: android.content.res.ColorStateList getTabTextColors()
androidx.work.impl.foreground.SystemForegroundService: SystemForegroundService()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconVisible(boolean)
com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.customevent.CustomEventNative: void onResume()
com.google.android.gms.ads.nativead.NativeAdView: android.view.View getStoreView()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
androidx.lifecycle.EmptyActivityLifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityStarted(android.app.Activity)
androidx.core.app.RemoteActionCompatParcelizer: androidx.core.app.RemoteActionCompat read(androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: void setElevation(float)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getCardForegroundColor()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButtonToggleGroup: void setCheckedId(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatToggleButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.lifecycle.LifecycleDispatcher$DispatcherActivityCallback: void onActivityCreated(android.app.Activity,android.os.Bundle)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getBaseline()
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView$Guidelines getGuidelines()
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropWindowMoveHandler$Type: com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropWindowMoveHandler$Type[] values()
com.google.android.material.internal.ScrimInsetsFrameLayout: ScrimInsetsFrameLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
kotlinx.coroutines.android.AndroidDispatcherFactory: kotlinx.coroutines.android.HandlerContext createDispatcher(java.util.List)
com.infideap.drawerbehavior.AdvanceDrawerLayout: void setSettings(java.util.HashMap)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: void postOnAnimationDelayed(android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable,long)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCheckableResource(int)
com.google.android.gms.ads.AdFormat: com.google.android.gms.ads.AdFormat[] values()
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzcnm: void notify(java.lang.String)
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.BinaryDictionary: int getFormatVersionNative(long)
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzcoh: void onResume()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: float getBoxCornerRadiusTopStart()
com.google.android.material.behavior.HideBottomViewOnScrollBehavior: HideBottomViewOnScrollBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContainer: android.view.View getTabContainer()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: void postInvalidateOnAnimation(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setCompatPressedTranslationZ(float)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.viewpager2.widget.ViewPager2: void setCurrentItem(int)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: int getMaxHeight()
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: void setPreventCornerOverlap(boolean)
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$3: ProcessLifecycleOwner$3(androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintHelper: void setReferencedIds(int[])
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setTextAppearance(int)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: MaterialButton(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.resources.Compatibility$Api18Impl: void setAutoCancel(android.animation.ObjectAnimator,boolean)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: int getRippleColor()
androidx.work.impl.workers.ConstraintTrackingWorker: ConstraintTrackingWorker(android.content.Context,androidx.work.WorkerParameters)
androidx.work.ListenableWorker: java.util.List getTriggeredContentUris()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: float getCompatElevation()
com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.customevent.CustomEventAdapter: android.view.View getBannerView()
com.google.android.gms.ads.BaseAdView: void setOnPaidEventListener(com.google.android.gms.ads.OnPaidEventListener)
com.airbnb.lottie.model.content.PolystarShape$Type: com.airbnb.lottie.model.content.PolystarShape$Type[] values()
com.google.android.material.appbar.HeaderBehavior: HeaderBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentContainerView: void setOnApplyWindowInsetsListener(android.view.View$OnApplyWindowInsetsListener)
androidx.work.ListenableWorker: void stop()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setGravity(int)
androidx.work.ListenableWorker: androidx.work.WorkerFactory getWorkerFactory()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconEndPadding(float)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setWeightSum(float)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
androidx.work.ListenableWorker: java.util.concurrent.Executor getBackgroundExecutor()
com.google.android.material.behavior.HideBottomViewOnScrollBehavior: HideBottomViewOnScrollBehavior()
com.infideap.drawerbehavior.AdvanceDrawerLayout: android.view.View getDrawerView()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ContentFrameLayout: android.util.TypedValue getFixedWidthMajor()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getPasswordVisibilityToggleDrawable()
androidx.work.impl.background.systemalarm.ConstraintProxy: ConstraintProxy()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: int getCustomSize()
com.google.android.gms.ads.formats.MediaView: void setMediaContent(com.google.android.gms.ads.MediaContent)
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.DicTraverseSession: void initDicTraverseSessionNative(long,long,int[],int)
com.google.android.material.radiobutton.MaterialRadioButton: void setUseMaterialThemeColors(boolean)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api28Impl: void setAccessibilityPaneTitle(android.view.View,java.lang.CharSequence)
pl.droidsonroids.gif.GifError: pl.droidsonroids.gif.GifError valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setSupportButtonTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setDividerPadding(int)
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: NavigationMenuItemView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setCardBackgroundColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: int getStrokeWidth()
androidx.appcompat.widget.FitWindowsLinearLayout: void setOnFitSystemWindowsListener(androidx.appcompat.widget.FitWindowsViewGroup$OnFitSystemWindowsListener)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setSingleLine(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setBackgroundResource(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setChipSpacingHorizontal(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setSingleLine(int)
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: void setSpeed(float)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: int[] getAutoSizeTextAvailableSizes()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportCheckMarkTintMode()
androidx.work.impl.utils.ForceStopRunnable$BroadcastReceiver: ForceStopRunnable$BroadcastReceiver()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: int getSize()
com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView: android.view.MenuItem getCheckedItem()
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: int getMaxWidth()
com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.Adapter: com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.VersionInfo getVersionInfo()
androidx.work.impl.utils.futures.DirectExecutor: androidx.work.impl.utils.futures.DirectExecutor[] values()
androidx.drawerlayout.widget.DrawerLayout: void setDrawerElevation(float)
com.google.android.gms.ads.search.SearchAdView: void setAdListener(com.google.android.gms.ads.AdListener)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: java.lang.CharSequence getQuery()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.widget.TextView getPrefixTextView()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipStartPaddingResource(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: void removeOnGlobalLayoutListener(android.view.ViewTreeObserver,android.view.ViewTreeObserver$OnGlobalLayoutListener)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl: WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl()
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityPaused(android.app.Activity)
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: void setProgress(float)
com.german.keyboard.app.free.keyboard.MoreKeysKeyboardView: android.view.View getContainerView()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: com.google.android.material.animation.MotionSpec getHideMotionSpec()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setEmojiCompatEnabled(boolean)
androidx.fragment.app.Fragment: Fragment()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setShouldDrawSurfaceColorStroke(boolean)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setEdgeEffectFactory(androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$EdgeEffectFactory)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getTitleMarginTop()
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: void setApplyingOpacityToLayersEnabled(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setMaxWidth(int)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: boolean getUseCompatPadding()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api29Impl: void setSystemGestureExclusionRects(android.view.View,java.util.List)
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbye: void showInterstitial()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setSupportButtonTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.customevent.CustomEventInterstitial: void requestInterstitialAd(android.content.Context,com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.customevent.CustomEventInterstitialListener,java.lang.String,com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.MediationAdRequest,android.os.Bundle)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setShowDividerVertical(int)
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.settings.PreferencesSettingsFragment: PreferencesSettingsFragment()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: androidx.core.text.PrecomputedTextCompat$Params getTextMetricsParamsCompat()
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: void setCardBackgroundColor(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setShapeAppearanceModel(com.google.android.material.shape.ShapeAppearanceModel)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setOnMenuItemClickListener(androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar$OnMenuItemClickListener)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: android.content.res.ColorStateList getCloseIconTint()
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.settings.AdvancedSettingsFragment: AdvancedSettingsFragment()
com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView: int getItemMaxLines()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setEnsureMinTouchTargetSize(boolean)
com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.MediationInterstitialAdapter: void onResume()
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: void setComposition(com.airbnb.lottie.LottieComposition)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: android.view.LayoutInflater getInflater()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setSupportImageTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setEndIconContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: int getStartState()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api17Impl: int getLayoutDirection(android.view.View)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView: void setExpandedActionViewsExclusive(boolean)
com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.Adapter: Adapter()
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: void setOnShow(float)
com.google.android.material.internal.BaselineLayout: BaselineLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: void setTabIndicatorFullWidth(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: float getWeightSum()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: float getCloseIconSize()
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.DictionaryPackInstallBroadcastReceiver: DictionaryPackInstallBroadcastReceiver()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api24Impl: boolean startDragAndDrop(android.view.View,android.content.ClipData,android.view.View$DragShadowBuilder,java.lang.Object,int)
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: void setScale(float)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setNavigationContentDescription(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setTitle(int)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$RecycledViewPool getRecycledViewPool()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getInsetsForType(int,boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ViewStubCompat: void setVisibility(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api28Impl: java.lang.Object requireViewById(android.view.View,int)
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: void setMinimumWidth(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setSupportCompoundDrawablesTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setStartIconCheckable(boolean)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: android.content.res.ColorStateList getChipIconTint()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextViewAutoSizeHelper$Impl: boolean isHorizontallyScrollable(android.widget.TextView)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$Adapter getAdapter()
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: long getTransitionTimeMs()
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionHelper: float getProgress()
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzcnm: java.lang.String getClickSignals(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl28: WindowInsetsCompat$Impl28(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat,androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl28)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: int getContentPaddingBottom()
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbye: void requestInterstitialAd(android.content.Context,com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.MediationInterstitialListener,android.os.Bundle,com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.MediationAdRequest,android.os.Bundle)
com.google.android.gms.ads.nonagon.signalgeneration.TaggingLibraryJsInterface: java.lang.String getViewSignals()
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView: int getMaxScrollAmount()
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzcoi: void onResume()
androidx.media.AudioAttributesImplBaseParcelizer: AudioAttributesImplBaseParcelizer()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setWindowTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
com.google.android.material.circularreveal.cardview.CircularRevealCardView: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getCircularRevealOverlayDrawable()
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.settings.SubScreenFragment: SubScreenFragment()
com.german.keyboard.app.free.keyboard.emoji.EmojiCategoryPageIndicatorView: EmojiCategoryPageIndicatorView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setChecked(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setBackgroundResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportButtonTintMode()
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: void setTabIndicatorAnimationMode(int)
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfgk: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfgk[] values()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: float getBoxCornerRadiusBottomStart()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton: void setExtended(boolean)
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: void setPerformanceTrackingEnabled(boolean)
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: float getFabCradleMargin()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api29Impl: void saveAttributeDataForStyleable(android.view.View,android.content.Context,int[],android.util.AttributeSet,android.content.res.TypedArray,int,int)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setOnScrollListener(androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$OnScrollListener)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat,android.view.WindowInsets)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputEditText: com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout getTextInputLayout()
com.google.android.material.internal.FlowLayout: int getLineSpacing()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: java.lang.CharSequence getCloseIconContentDescription()
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: int getTabGravity()
com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.customevent.CustomEventInterstitial: void showInterstitial()
com.google.android.gms.ads.admanager.AdManagerAdView: void setAppEventListener(com.google.android.gms.ads.admanager.AppEventListener)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: void setImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View,int)
com.google.android.material.appbar.HeaderScrollingViewBehavior: HeaderScrollingViewBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.gms.ads.nativead.NativeAdView: android.view.View getStarRatingView()
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropOverlayView: CropOverlayView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.internal.FlowLayout: int getItemSpacing()
com.google.android.material.snackbar.Snackbar$SnackbarLayout: void setOnClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: void setShowProgressBar(boolean)
com.google.android.gms.ads.nativead.MediaView: MediaView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api17Impl: void setLayoutDirection(android.view.View,int)
androidx.core.app.AppOpsManagerCompat$Api29Impl: android.app.AppOpsManager getSystemService(android.content.Context)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api24Impl: void dispatchFinishTemporaryDetach(android.view.View)
com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.customevent.CustomEventNative: void onPause()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setCustomSelectionActionModeCallback(android.view.ActionMode$Callback)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setExpandedHintEnabled(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete: int getSearchViewTextMinWidthDp()
com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.MediationInterstitialAdapter: void requestInterstitialAd(android.content.Context,com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.MediationInterstitialListener,android.os.Bundle,com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.MediationAdRequest,android.os.Bundle)
androidx.work.ListenableWorker: java.util.Set getTags()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setAccessibilityDelegateCompat(androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerViewAccessibilityDelegate)
com.google.ads.mediation.MediationInterstitialAdapter: void requestInterstitialAd(com.google.ads.mediation.MediationInterstitialListener,android.app.Activity,com.google.ads.mediation.MediationServerParameters,com.google.ads.mediation.MediationAdRequest,com.google.ads.mediation.NetworkExtras)
androidx.core.app.RemoteActionCompatParcelizer: void write(androidx.core.app.RemoteActionCompat,androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setButtonDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ContentFrameLayout: ContentFrameLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat build()
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: void setCardElevation(float)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setScaleY(float)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ContentFrameLayout: android.util.TypedValue getFixedHeightMajor()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.content.res.ColorStateList getCounterTextColor()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: boolean isRound()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportCompoundDrawablesTintList()
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getDividerDrawable()
com.google.android.material.snackbar.SnackbarContentLayout: android.widget.Button getActionView()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setCollapseIcon(int)
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: void setScrollAnimatorListener(android.animation.Animator$AnimatorListener)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: void setOverriddenInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets[])
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButtonImpl getImpl()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setBackgroundResource(int)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void registerIn(android.app.Activity)
androidx.work.Worker: com.google.common.util.concurrent.ListenableFuture startWork()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setBoxStrokeWidthResource(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: float getTextEndPadding()
androidx.room.RoomDatabase$JournalMode: androidx.room.RoomDatabase$JournalMode valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setPasswordVisibilityToggleTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityStopped(android.app.Activity)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setRippleColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView: void setPresenter(androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuPresenter)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContainer: void setTabContainer(androidx.appcompat.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: int getDropDownVerticalOffset()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: void setScaleY(float)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api23Impl: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat getRootWindowInsets(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setTranslationY(float)
com.google.ads.mediation.customevent.CustomEventAdapter: java.lang.Class getServerParametersType()
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.spellcheck.SpellCheckerSettingsActivity: SpellCheckerSettingsActivity()
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzcoh: android.os.Bundle zza()
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropOverlayView: com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView$CropShape getCropShape()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setOverflowIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api20Impl: android.view.WindowInsets dispatchApplyWindowInsets(android.view.View,android.view.WindowInsets)
androidx.appcompat.widget.DropDownListView: void setSelector(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setIconEndPaddingResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: void setExpandedFormat(boolean)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: int getIconGravity()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api28Impl: void setAccessibilityHeading(android.view.View,boolean)
com.google.ads.mediation.AbstractAdViewAdapter: android.os.Bundle buildExtrasBundle(android.os.Bundle,android.os.Bundle)
androidx.appcompat.widget.MenuPopupWindow$MenuDropDownListView: void setSelector(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionScene getScene()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setHint(java.lang.CharSequence)
com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.MediationInterstitialAdapter: void onPause()
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$State: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$State valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.gms.ads.nativead.MediaView: void setMediaContent(com.google.android.gms.ads.MediaContent)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView: void setOverflowReserved(boolean)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getRippleColorStateList()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setSupportCompoundDrawablesTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getRippleColor()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl21: boolean isConsumed()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: androidx.appcompat.widget.DecorToolbar getWrapper()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getCounterMaxLength()
androidx.viewpager2.widget.ViewPager2: void setUserInputEnabled(boolean)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
kotlinx.coroutines.android.AndroidDispatcherFactory: java.lang.String hintOnError()
androidx.work.impl.background.systemalarm.ConstraintProxy$NetworkStateProxy: ConstraintProxy$NetworkStateProxy()
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout: androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout$Behavior getBehavior()
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: void setSelectedTabIndicatorHeight(int)
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: void setTransition(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setHasNonEmbeddedTabs(boolean)
com.google.ads.mediation.MediationBannerAdapter: void destroy()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatToggleButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
com.google.android.gms.ads.admanager.AdManagerAdView: com.google.android.gms.ads.AdSize[] getAdSizes()
com.google.android.material.circularreveal.CircularRevealFrameLayout: void setCircularRevealOverlayDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setDividerDrawableHorizontal(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: android.content.res.ColorStateList getTabIconTint()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
pl.droidsonroids.gif.GifError: pl.droidsonroids.gif.GifError[] values()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getEndIconContentDescription()
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzcna: void setOnClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Barrier: boolean getAllowsGoneWidget()
kotlinx.coroutines.android.AndroidExceptionPreHandler: java.lang.reflect.Method preHandler()
com.google.ads.mediation.admob.AdMobAdapter: AdMobAdapter()
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete: SearchView$SearchAutoComplete(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl: void setSystemGestureInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
androidx.viewpager2.widget.ViewPager2: androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$Adapter getAdapter()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: int getDropDownHorizontalOffset()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton$Behavior: FloatingActionButton$Behavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView: void setItemTextAppearance(int)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropOverlayView: int getAspectRatioX()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setShowMotionSpec(com.google.android.material.animation.MotionSpec)
com.german.keyboard.app.free.keyboard.MainKeyboardView: void setSlidingKeyInputPreviewEnabled(boolean)
androidx.drawerlayout.widget.DrawerLayout: void setStatusBarBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: android.util.Pair getAspectRatio()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setPasswordVisibilityToggleEnabled(boolean)
kotlinx.coroutines.android.AndroidExceptionPreHandler: AndroidExceptionPreHandler()
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: TabLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: void setRepeatCount(int)
com.google.ads.mediation.customevent.CustomEventAdapter: void destroy()
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: void setMinFrame(java.lang.String)
androidx.viewpager.widget.ViewPager: void setPageMarginDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setSupportImageTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout$TabView: com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout$Tab getTab()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getTitleMarginStart()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatReceiveContentHelper$OnDropApi24Impl: boolean onDropForView(android.view.DragEvent,android.view.View,android.app.Activity)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setStartIconContentDescription(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView: java.lang.CharSequence getSubtitle()
com.google.android.gms.ads.nativead.NativeAdView: void setClickConfirmingView(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipIconSize(float)
com.google.android.material.datepicker.MaterialDatePicker: MaterialDatePicker()
androidx.constraintlayout.core.SolverVariable$Type: androidx.constraintlayout.core.SolverVariable$Type valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: void setSelectedTabIndicator(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: void setItemInvoker(androidx.appcompat.view.menu.MenuBuilder$ItemInvoker)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AbsActionBarView: void setVisibility(int)
com.google.android.gms.ads.AdFormat: com.google.android.gms.ads.AdFormat valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityCreated(android.app.Activity,android.os.Bundle)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportImageTintMode()
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropOverlayView: void setInitialAttributeValues(com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageOptions)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getBoxStrokeWidthFocused()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView: int getPopupTheme()
androidx.work.ListenableWorker: android.net.Network getNetwork()
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: LottieAnimationView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButtonToggleGroup: void setSelectionRequired(boolean)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getChipIcon()
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setCardElevation(float)
kotlinx.coroutines.android.AndroidDispatcherFactory: kotlinx.coroutines.MainCoroutineDispatcher createDispatcher(java.util.List)
androidx.core.content.ContextCompat$Api23Impl: java.lang.String getSystemServiceName(android.content.Context,java.lang.Class)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setCustomSelectionActionModeCallback(android.view.ActionMode$Callback)
com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView: void setCheckedItem(int)
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.BinaryDictionary: boolean removeUnigramEntryNative(long,int[])
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getMinWidth()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner$SpinnerPopup getInternalPopup()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView: int getContentHeight()
com.airbnb.lottie.parser.moshi.JsonReader$Token: com.airbnb.lottie.parser.moshi.JsonReader$Token valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportCompoundDrawablesTintMode()
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzadk: android.os.IBinder asBinder()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: void setAllCaps(boolean)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: int getOptimizationLevel()
androidx.media.AudioAttributesImplBaseParcelizer: androidx.media.AudioAttributesImplBase read(androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getInsets(int,boolean)
androidx.fragment.app.DialogFragment: DialogFragment()
com.german.keyboard.app.free.keyboard.MainKeyboardView: void setKeyboardActionListener(com.german.keyboard.app.free.keyboard.KeyboardActionListener)
androidx.work.ListenableWorker: boolean isRunInForeground()
com.google.android.material.transformation.FabTransformationScrimBehavior: FabTransformationScrimBehavior()
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: int getSuggestionRowLayout()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl28: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat consumeDisplayCutout()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ButtonBarLayout: void setStacked(boolean)
androidx.lifecycle.LifecycleDispatcher$DispatcherActivityCallback: LifecycleDispatcher$DispatcherActivityCallback()
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView: float getTopFadingEdgeStrength()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ViewStubCompat: void setLayoutInflater(android.view.LayoutInflater)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCheckedIconVisible(int)
com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.MediationBannerAdapter: android.view.View getBannerView()
com.google.android.gms.ads.admanager.AdManagerAdView: void setManualImpressionsEnabled(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getContentInsetRight()
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: void setAnimationFromUrl(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setShapeAppearanceModel(com.google.android.material.shape.ShapeAppearanceModel)
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: void setTabIconTint(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: int getContentPaddingRight()
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: float getScale()
com.google.ads.mediation.AbstractAdViewAdapter: void onDestroy()
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView$Guidelines: com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView$Guidelines[] values()
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: void setMaxZoom(int)
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: void setCheckMarkDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: AppCompatImageButton(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView$RequestSizeOptions: com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView$RequestSizeOptions[] values()
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropOverlayView: android.graphics.RectF getCropWindowRect()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: void setEmojiCompatEnabled(boolean)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setExpandedComponentIdHint(int)
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout: CoordinatorLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api19Impl: int getAccessibilityLiveRegion(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout: void setTargetElevation(float)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: com.google.android.material.resources.TextAppearance getTextAppearance()
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.setup.SetupWizardActivity: void onClick(android.view.View)
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: boolean getUseCompatPadding()
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: long getNanoTime()
androidx.viewpager.widget.ViewPager: void setCurrentItem(int)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.work.ListenableWorker: androidx.work.Data getInputData()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: float getElevation(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getItemIconTintList()
com.google.android.material.timepicker.ChipTextInputComboView: ChipTextInputComboView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: void setMultiTouchEnabled(boolean)
com.google.ads.mediation.AbstractAdViewAdapter: com.google.android.gms.ads.interstitial.InterstitialAd getInterstitialAd()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton: void setExtendMotionSpec(com.google.android.material.animation.MotionSpec)
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: void setSelectedTabIndicator(int)
com.google.ads.mediation.AdUrlAdapter: AdUrlAdapter()
com.infideap.drawerbehavior.AdvanceDrawerLayout: java.util.HashMap getSettings()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: java.lang.CharSequence getLogoDescription()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl21: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat consumeSystemWindowInsets()
com.google.ads.mediation.AbstractAdViewAdapter: void onPause()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: void setZ(android.view.View,float)
com.german.keyboard.app.free.keyboard.MainKeyboardView: void setKeyPreviewPopupEnabled(boolean)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: float getBackgroundOverlayColorAlpha()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.gms.ads.nativead.NativeAdView: com.google.android.gms.ads.nativead.MediaView getMediaView()
androidx.core.app.RemoteActionCompatParcelizer: RemoteActionCompatParcelizer()
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuView: int getWindowAnimations()
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setCheckedId(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setLogo(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconStartPaddingResource(int)
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: void setupWithViewPager(androidx.viewpager.widget.ViewPager)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getCloseIcon()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setImageResource(int)
androidx.drawerlayout.widget.DrawerLayout: void setDrawerLockMode(int)
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$3$1: void onActivityPostResumed(android.app.Activity)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setCompatElevation(float)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setCheckable(boolean)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api17Impl: boolean isPaddingRelative(android.view.View)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextViewAutoSizeHelper$Impl: AppCompatTextViewAutoSizeHelper$Impl()
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$3: void onActivityPaused(android.app.Activity)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton: void setShrinkMotionSpecResource(int)
com.google.android.gms.ads.nativead.NativeAdView: void setBodyView(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout$TabView: int getContentHeight()
androidx.core.widget.PopupWindowCompat$Api23Impl: void setWindowLayoutType(android.widget.PopupWindow,int)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: int getRotatedDegrees()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: com.google.android.material.shape.ShapeAppearanceModel getShapeAppearanceModel()
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout$ScrollingViewBehavior: AppBarLayout$ScrollingViewBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.drawerlayout.widget.DrawerLayout: void setScrimColor(int)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompatParcelizer: void write(androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat,androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView: void setItemIconPaddingResource(int)
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: float getMinFrame()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: void copyRootViewBounds(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: int getFabAnimationMode()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl29: void setStableInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setOnCloseListener(androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView$OnCloseListener)
com.module.ads.TemplateView: void setStyles(com.module.ads.NativeTemplateStyle)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView: void setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout$Behavior: AppBarLayout$Behavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.offline.buffering.OfflineNotificationPoster: androidx.work.ListenableWorker$Result doWork()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: void setPivotX(float)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VPath: void setPathData(androidx.core.graphics.PathParser$PathDataNode[])
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEmojiTextHelper getEmojiTextViewHelper()
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.suggestions.MoreSuggestionsView: MoreSuggestionsView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setBackgroundColor(int)
androidx.lifecycle.LifecycleCoroutineScope: LifecycleCoroutineScope()
androidx.lifecycle.EmptyActivityLifecycleCallbacks: EmptyActivityLifecycleCallbacks()
com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.Adapter: com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.VersionInfo getSDKVersionInfo()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: boolean isImportantForAutofill(android.view.View)
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.offline.buffering.OfflineNotificationPoster: OfflineNotificationPoster(android.content.Context,androidx.work.WorkerParameters)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Guideline: void setVisibility(int)
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: int getTabScrollRange()
com.google.android.gms.ads.nativead.NativeAdView: void setImageView(android.view.View)
androidx.work.BackoffPolicy: androidx.work.BackoffPolicy[] values()
com.google.android.gms.ads.admanager.AdManagerAdView: void setAdSizes(com.google.android.gms.ads.AdSize[])
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: int getMinWidth()
androidx.work.impl.background.systemalarm.SystemAlarmService: SystemAlarmService()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setTitleMarginStart(int)
com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.customevent.CustomEventAdapter: void onPause()
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: LinearLayoutCompat(android.content.Context)
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: void setImageAssetsFolder(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.gms.ads.admanager.AdManagerAdView: com.google.android.gms.ads.admanager.AppEventListener getAppEventListener()
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout$TabView: com.google.android.material.badge.BadgeDrawable getBadge()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api17Impl: int getLabelFor(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.widget.EditText getEditText()
android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.IconCompatParcelizer: androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat read(androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setCheckedIconMargin(int)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: androidx.constraintlayout.widget.SharedValues getSharedValues()
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityPreDestroyed(android.app.Activity)
com.german.keyboard.app.free.keyboard.MainKeyboardView: int getLanguageOnSpacebarAnimAlpha()
androidx.media.AudioAttributesImplApi21: AudioAttributesImplApi21()
androidx.lifecycle.EmptyActivityLifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityPaused(android.app.Activity)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: void setBackground(android.view.View,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzcoi: android.os.Bundle getInterstitialAdapterInfo()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ContentFrameLayout: android.util.TypedValue getFixedHeightMinor()
androidx.media.AudioAttributesCompatParcelizer: androidx.media.AudioAttributesCompat read(androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl21: WindowInsetsCompat$Impl21(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat,androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl21)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setWindowCallback(android.view.Window$Callback)
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView: int getNestedScrollAxes()
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setSuggestionsAdapter(androidx.cursoradapter.widget.CursorAdapter)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
com.google.android.material.datepicker.MaterialCalendar$CalendarSelector: com.google.android.material.datepicker.MaterialCalendar$CalendarSelector valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl30: WindowInsetsCompat$Impl30(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat,android.view.WindowInsets)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setPasswordVisibilityToggleContentDescription(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: android.widget.TextView getTitleTextView()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setStrokeColorResource(int)
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfgj: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfgj[] values()
androidx.lifecycle.EmptyActivityLifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityDestroyed(android.app.Activity)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ContentFrameLayout: android.util.TypedValue getMinWidthMajor()
com.google.android.material.appbar.MaterialToolbar: void setElevation(float)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: void copyWindowDataInto(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setElevation(float)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.Snackbar$SnackbarLayout: void setBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.circularreveal.cardview.CircularRevealCardView: com.google.android.material.circularreveal.CircularRevealWidget$RevealInfo getRevealInfo()
com.airbnb.lottie.model.content.Mask$MaskMode: com.airbnb.lottie.model.content.Mask$MaskMode[] values()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl29: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getSystemGestureInsets()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: float getCompatPressedTranslationZ()
com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView: int getHeaderCount()
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout: void setElevation(float)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setAllCaps(boolean)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api31Impl: androidx.core.view.ContentInfoCompat performReceiveContent(android.view.View,androidx.core.view.ContentInfoCompat)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getStrokeColor()
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: void setMaxFrame(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setAdapter(android.widget.Adapter)
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbye: void onPause()
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout: int getDownNestedScrollRange()
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: void setSubtitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: float getActionTextColorAlpha()
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.BinaryDictionary: boolean migrateNative(long,java.lang.String,long)
androidx.media.AudioAttributesImplBase: AudioAttributesImplBase()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: void copyRootViewBounds(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setPrefixText(java.lang.CharSequence)
kotlin.coroutines.AbstractCoroutineContextElement: kotlin.coroutines.CoroutineContext plus(kotlin.coroutines.CoroutineContext)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: int getIconPadding()
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar$Behavior: BottomAppBar$Behavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.german.keyboard.app.free.keyboard.KeyboardView: float getVerticalCorrection()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setIconTintResource(int)
com.google.ads.mediation.customevent.CustomEventAdapter: CustomEventAdapter()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setOnPressedChangeListenerInternal(com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton$OnPressedChangeListener)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl28: boolean equals(java.lang.Object)
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout: void setFitsSystemWindows(boolean)
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setHorizontalPadding(int)
androidx.work.impl.workers.CombineContinuationsWorker: CombineContinuationsWorker(android.content.Context,androidx.work.WorkerParameters)
androidx.core.content.ContextCompat$Api23Impl: int getColor(android.content.Context,int)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: void copyWindowDataInto(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: int getCheckedIconMargin()
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.util.WorkManagerUtil: void zzf(com.google.android.gms.dynamic.IObjectWrapper)
com.google.android.gms.ads.nativead.NativeAdView: void setNativeAd(com.google.android.gms.ads.nativead.NativeAd)
androidx.constraintlayout.core.widgets.ConstraintAnchor$Type: androidx.constraintlayout.core.widgets.ConstraintAnchor$Type[] values()
com.google.android.material.behavior.SwipeDismissBehavior: SwipeDismissBehavior()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconEnabledResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: void setEmojiCompatEnabled(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setAppSearchData(android.os.Bundle)
com.google.ads.mediation.MediationBannerAdapter: java.lang.Class getAdditionalParametersType()
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getCheckedIcon()
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$State: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$State[] values()
com.google.android.material.snackbar.Snackbar$SnackbarLayout: Snackbar$SnackbarLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setNavigationOnClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setIconResource(int)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: float getProgress()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getErrorIconDrawable()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: void setRotation(float)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: int getTextHeight()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButtonToggleGroup: void setSingleSelection(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getCurrentContentInsetStart()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: boolean hasNestedScrollingParent(android.view.View)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ButtonBarLayout: void setAllowStacking(boolean)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipCornerRadius(float)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setShapeAppearanceModel(com.google.android.material.shape.ShapeAppearanceModel)
androidx.work.ArrayCreatingInputMerger: ArrayCreatingInputMerger()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconTint(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setMinWidth(int)
com.android.billingclient.api.ProxyBillingActivity: ProxyBillingActivity()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setFilters(android.text.InputFilter[])
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setSuffixText(java.lang.CharSequence)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: android.graphics.Rect getCloseIconTouchBoundsInt()
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Guideline: Guideline(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout: int getLiftOnScrollTargetViewId()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl$1: android.view.WindowInsets onApplyWindowInsets(android.view.View,android.view.WindowInsets)
com.google.android.material.timepicker.RadialViewGroup: RadialViewGroup(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.lifecycle.LifecycleService: LifecycleService()
androidx.drawerlayout.widget.DrawerLayout: void setStatusBarBackgroundColor(int)
com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.customevent.CustomEventAdapter: void requestBannerAd(android.content.Context,com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.MediationBannerListener,android.os.Bundle,com.google.android.gms.ads.AdSize,com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.MediationAdRequest,android.os.Bundle)
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: int getTabMaxWidth()
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout: void setOrientation(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCheckedIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setCheckable(boolean)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api23Impl: void setScrollIndicators(android.view.View,int,int)
com.google.android.material.transformation.FabTransformationSheetBehavior: FabTransformationSheetBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzcna: void setWebViewClient(android.webkit.WebViewClient)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setErrorEnabled(boolean)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: void setTrimPathStart(float)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: int getCompoundPaddingLeft()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setTextClassifier(android.view.textclassifier.TextClassifier)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setPrefixTextAppearance(int)
com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.MediationBannerAdapter: void requestBannerAd(android.content.Context,com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.MediationBannerListener,android.os.Bundle,com.google.android.gms.ads.AdSize,com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.MediationAdRequest,android.os.Bundle)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api24Impl: void setPointerIcon(android.view.View,android.view.PointerIcon)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: RecyclerView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.airbnb.lottie.model.content.GradientType: com.airbnb.lottie.model.content.GradientType[] values()
com.google.ads.mediation.MediationInterstitialAdapter: void showInterstitial()
androidx.core.content.ContextCompat$Api21Impl: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getDrawable(android.content.Context,int)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setScrollingTouchSlop(int)
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: float getTargetPosition()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: int getIconSize()
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout: void setLiftOnScrollTargetViewId(int)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.GridLayoutManager: GridLayoutManager(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int,int)
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: void setMaxFrame(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: android.view.textclassifier.TextClassifier getTextClassifier()
com.module.ads.TemplateView: TemplateView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.Adapter: void loadBannerAd(com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.MediationBannerAdConfiguration,com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.MediationAdLoadCallback)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getIconTintMode()
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout: int getPendingAction()
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: void setMinAndMaxFrame(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.content.res.ColorStateList getPlaceholderTextColor()
androidx.viewpager.widget.ViewPager: void setPageMargin(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: void setElevation(android.view.View,float)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: void setKeyListener(android.text.method.KeyListener)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: void setOnCropWindowChangedListener(com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView$OnSetCropWindowChangeListener)
androidx.work.impl.utils.futures.DirectExecutor: androidx.work.impl.utils.futures.DirectExecutor valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfrr: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfrr[] values()
com.google.android.material.datepicker.MaterialCalendar: MaterialCalendar()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api19Impl: boolean isLaidOut(android.view.View)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: ListMenuItemView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.textfield.MaterialAutoCompleteTextView: java.lang.CharSequence getHint()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: int getGravity()
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: void setOnTabSelectedListener(com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout$BaseOnTabSelectedListener)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl29: void setSystemGestureInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzadk: boolean onTransact(int,android.os.Parcel,android.os.Parcel,int)
com.google.android.material.bottomsheet.BottomSheetBehavior: BottomSheetBehavior()
com.google.android.material.internal.VisibilityAwareImageButton: int getUserSetVisibility()
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: void setTabTextColors(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Barrier: void setAllowsGoneWidget(boolean)
com.google.android.material.appbar.ViewOffsetBehavior: ViewOffsetBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: android.view.ActionMode$Callback getCustomSelectionActionModeCallback()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setNavigationIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: void postInvalidateOnAnimation(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: long getNanoTime()
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: int getSelectedTabPosition()
com.google.android.gms.ads.nativead.NativeAdView: void setMediaView(com.google.android.gms.ads.nativead.MediaView)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ViewStubCompat: void setLayoutResource(int)
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout: java.util.List getDependencySortedChildren()
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.BinaryDictionary: boolean flushNative(long,java.lang.String)
com.google.ads.mediation.customevent.CustomEventAdapter: void requestBannerAd(com.google.ads.mediation.MediationBannerListener,android.app.Activity,com.google.ads.mediation.MediationServerParameters,com.google.ads.AdSize,com.google.ads.mediation.MediationAdRequest,com.google.ads.mediation.NetworkExtras)
androidx.lifecycle.EmptyActivityLifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityCreated(android.app.Activity,android.os.Bundle)
com.airbnb.lottie.model.layer.Layer$LayerType: com.airbnb.lottie.model.layer.Layer$LayerType valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl29: WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl29()
androidx.viewpager.widget.ViewPager: ViewPager(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setTitleMarginTop(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setActionBarHideOffset(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setIcon(int)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl20: void setSystemWindowInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setDropDownHorizontalOffset(int)
androidx.work.ListenableWorker: com.google.common.util.concurrent.ListenableFuture setForegroundAsync(androidx.work.ForegroundInfo)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getBackgroundDrawable()
com.google.android.material.snackbar.SnackbarContentLayout: android.widget.TextView getMessageView()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.suggestions.SuggestionStripView: void setMoreSuggestionsHeight(int)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl29: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getTappableElementInsets()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: boolean isKeyboardNavigationCluster(android.view.View)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl20: WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl20()
com.google.android.material.internal.ScrimInsetsFrameLayout: void setScrimInsetForeground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContainer: void setStackedBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.work.ListenableWorker: java.util.UUID getId()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getRootStableInsets()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setImageBitmap(android.graphics.Bitmap)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: com.google.android.material.shape.ShapeAppearanceModel getShapeAppearanceModel()
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: int getMaxWidth()
androidx.drawerlayout.widget.DrawerLayout: DrawerLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setPrecomputedText(androidx.core.text.PrecomputedTextCompat)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.graphics.Typeface getTypeface()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setBackgroundResource(int)
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: com.airbnb.lottie.LottieComposition getComposition()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl30: void copyRootViewBounds(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getStartIconContentDescription()
com.airbnb.lottie.model.DocumentData$Justification: com.airbnb.lottie.model.DocumentData$Justification valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.VirtualLayout: void setElevation(float)
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: void setCompositionTask(com.airbnb.lottie.LottieTask)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setBackgroundResource(int)
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setIconTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.github.naz013.colorslider.ColorSlider: int getSelectedItem()
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: int getImeOptions()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setRecyclerListener(androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$RecyclerListener)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getBackgroundTintMode()
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: void setRotatedDegrees(int)
androidx.drawerlayout.widget.DrawerLayout: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getStatusBarBackgroundDrawable()
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: void getCroppedImageAsync()
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompatParcelizer: androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat read(androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setNeedsEmptyIcon(boolean)
com.google.android.play.core.assetpacks.ExtractionForegroundService: ExtractionForegroundService()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api17Impl: int generateViewId()
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setIconPadding(int)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: void setStableInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
com.google.ads.mediation.AbstractAdViewAdapter: void onImmersiveModeUpdated(boolean)
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.suggestions.SuggestionStripView: SuggestionStripView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl20: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat build()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: java.lang.CharSequence getText()
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfow: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfow[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: android.view.View getNavButtonView()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: int getStrokeColor()
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: int getChipCount()
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.offline.buffering.OfflinePingSender: androidx.work.ListenableWorker$Result doWork()
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: ActionMenuItemView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.infideap.drawerbehavior.AdvanceDrawerLayout: void setContrastThreshold(float)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: int getWindowSystemUiVisibility(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: float getChipEndPadding()
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: void setImageResource(int)
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: int getLeftInset()
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.BinaryDictionary: long createOnMemoryNative(long,java.lang.String,java.lang.String[],java.lang.String[])
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getStartIconDrawable()
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropOverlayView: com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView$Guidelines getGuidelines()
com.german.keyboard.app.free.keyboard.ProximityInfo: void releaseProximityInfoNative(long)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setCounterTextAppearance(int)
com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.Adapter: void loadInterscrollerAd(com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.MediationBannerAdConfiguration,com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.MediationAdLoadCallback)
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView getActionMenuView()
androidx.viewpager2.widget.ViewPager2: int getOrientation()
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: void setShowCropOverlay(boolean)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: boolean getFitsSystemWindows(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: void setFabAlignmentMode(int)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setMaxCardElevation(float)
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: int[] getConstraintSetIds()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setStartIconDrawable(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setCounterMaxLength(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ContentFrameLayout: void setAttachListener(androidx.appcompat.widget.ContentFrameLayout$OnAttachListener)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api15Impl: boolean hasOnClickListeners(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: android.content.res.ColorStateList getChipStrokeColor()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: java.lang.CharSequence getTitle()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setLayoutManager(androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$LayoutManager)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setDefaultHintTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.lifecycle.LifecycleDispatcher$DispatcherActivityCallback: void onActivitySaveInstanceState(android.app.Activity,android.os.Bundle)
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout$BaseBehavior: AppBarLayout$BaseBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.internal.VisibilityAwareImageButton: void setVisibility(int)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Guideline: void setGuidelineEnd(int)
androidx.viewpager2.widget.ViewPager2: int getOffscreenPageLimit()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setSupportImageTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setEndIconActivated(boolean)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipText(java.lang.CharSequence)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: com.google.android.material.shape.MaterialShapeDrawable getBoxBackground()
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: void setSelectedTabIndicatorGravity(int)
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: void setFailureListener(com.airbnb.lottie.LottieListener)
com.google.android.gms.ads.search.SearchAdView: void setAdUnitId(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: int getAnimationMode()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getPrefixText()
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: int getCurrentState()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipDrawable(com.google.android.material.chip.ChipDrawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setFilters(android.text.InputFilter[])
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setHideMotionSpec(com.google.android.material.animation.MotionSpec)
com.airbnb.lottie.model.content.ShapeStroke$LineJoinType: com.airbnb.lottie.model.content.ShapeStroke$LineJoinType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setSuffixTextAppearance(int)
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: void setRadius(float)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconHovered(boolean)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: com.google.android.material.animation.MotionSpec getShowMotionSpec()
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView: void setOnScrollChangeListener(androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView$OnScrollChangeListener)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: void setGroupDividerEnabled(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setSubtitle(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView: void setTabSelected(int)
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView: void setNestedScrollingEnabled(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: int getBaselineAlignedChildIndex()
com.google.android.gms.common.api.PendingResult: PendingResult()
com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.customevent.CustomEventNative: void requestNativeAd(android.content.Context,com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.customevent.CustomEventNativeListener,java.lang.String,com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.NativeMediationAdRequest,android.os.Bundle)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: float getIconEndPadding()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setSupportAllCaps(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setIconified(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: int getShowDividers()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl21: WindowInsetsCompat$Impl21(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat,android.view.WindowInsets)
com.google.android.gms.ads.nativead.NativeAdView: void setStoreView(android.view.View)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: android.graphics.Bitmap getCroppedImage()
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler$WorkerState: kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler$WorkerState valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setDropDownVerticalOffset(int)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager: StaggeredGridLayoutManager(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int,int)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropOverlayView: void setFixedAspectRatio(boolean)
com.google.android.material.transformation.ExpandableBehavior: ExpandableBehavior()
androidx.work.ListenableWorker: void onStopped()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setPlaceholderText(java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getTitle()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: AppCompatButton(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView: int getAnimatedVisibility()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setEnsureMinTouchTargetSize(boolean)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setBoxBackgroundColor(int)
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: void setFallbackResource(int)
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: void setTabGravity(int)
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.DicTraverseSession: long setDicTraverseSessionNative(java.lang.String,long)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: float getPivotY()
com.google.android.gms.ads.BaseAdView: com.google.android.gms.ads.ResponseInfo getResponseInfo()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconResource(int)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setImageResource(int)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat,androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20)
com.german.keyboard.app.free.keyboard.internal.KeyPreviewView: void setTextAndScaleX(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setIconStartPaddingResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete: void setThreshold(int)
com.google.android.material.circularreveal.cardview.CircularRevealCardView: void setRevealInfo(com.google.android.material.circularreveal.CircularRevealWidget$RevealInfo)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: int getMaxZoom()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getVisibleInsets(android.view.View)
com.google.ads.mediation.AbstractAdViewAdapter: void requestInterstitialAd(android.content.Context,com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.MediationInterstitialListener,android.os.Bundle,com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.MediationAdRequest,android.os.Bundle)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: com.google.android.material.internal.CheckableImageButton getEndIconToUpdateDummyDrawable()
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropOverlayView: void setAspectRatioX(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setHintInternal(java.lang.CharSequence)
pl.droidsonroids.gif.GifIOException: GifIOException(int,java.lang.String)
com.google.ads.mediation.MediationInterstitialAdapter: java.lang.Class getServerParametersType()
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: android.graphics.RectF getCropWindowRect()
com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.Adapter: void loadInterstitialAd(com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.MediationInterstitialAdConfiguration,com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.MediationAdLoadCallback)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: void setBackgroundResource(int)
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: void setSafeMode(boolean)
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: int getBottomInset()
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setQueryHint(java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: int getAutoSizeStepGranularity()
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.settings.ThemeSettingsFragment: ThemeSettingsFragment()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: android.text.Editable getText()
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: CardView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.room.RoomDatabase: RoomDatabase()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCheckedIconResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: android.view.ActionMode$Callback getCustomSelectionActionModeCallback()
com.german.keyboard.app.free.keyboard.MoreKeysKeyboardView: MoreKeysKeyboardView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.work.ListenableWorker: com.google.common.util.concurrent.ListenableFuture startWork()
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: void setGuidelines(com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView$Guidelines)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setContentInsetEndWithActions(int)
com.google.android.material.datepicker.MaterialCalendar$CalendarSelector: com.google.android.material.datepicker.MaterialCalendar$CalendarSelector[] values()
com.google.ads.mediation.AbstractAdViewAdapter: void requestNativeAd(android.content.Context,com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.MediationNativeListener,android.os.Bundle,com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.NativeMediationAdRequest,android.os.Bundle)
com.github.naz013.colorslider.ColorSlider: void setLockMode(boolean)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setScrollState(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView: void setOverflowIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton$BaseBehavior: FloatingActionButton$BaseBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: android.view.MenuInflater getMenuInflater()
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropOverlayView: int getAspectRatioY()
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.BinaryDictionary: boolean needsToRunGCNative(long,boolean)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ExpandedMenuView: int getWindowAnimations()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: android.view.ActionMode$Callback getCustomSelectionActionModeCallback()
com.google.android.gms.ads.AdActivity: AdActivity()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setTextEndPaddingResource(int)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: float getCompatHoveredFocusedTranslationZ()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setTextInputAccessibilityDelegate(com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout$AccessibilityDelegate)
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: void setInlineLabel(boolean)
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: void setUnboundedRipple(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ButtonBarLayout: ButtonBarLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: boolean isRound()
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivitySaveInstanceState(android.app.Activity,android.os.Bundle)
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: void setSelectedTabIndicatorColor(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.MaterialAutoCompleteTextView: void setAdapter(android.widget.ListAdapter)
com.infideap.drawerbehavior.AdvanceDrawerLayout: android.app.Activity getActivity()
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: int getFabAlignmentMode()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView: void setTitleOptional(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton$BaseBehavior: FloatingActionButton$BaseBehavior()
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout: void setStatusBarBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setCheckedIconMarginResource(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: void setBackgroundTintList(android.view.View,android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.ads.mediation.customevent.CustomEventAdapter: void requestInterstitialAd(com.google.ads.mediation.MediationInterstitialListener,android.app.Activity,com.google.ads.mediation.customevent.CustomEventServerParameters,com.google.ads.mediation.MediationAdRequest,com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.customevent.CustomEventExtras)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout$Behavior getBehavior()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator getItemAnimator()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: void loadReflectionField()
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: android.net.Uri getImageUri()
androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$LifecycleImpact: androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$LifecycleImpact[] values()
com.google.android.material.internal.ScrimInsetsFrameLayout: void setDrawBottomInsetForeground(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setErrorTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: int getChipSpacingVertical()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete: void setSearchView(androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: com.google.android.material.animation.MotionSpec getHideMotionSpec()
com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView: int getItemHorizontalPadding()
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: int getBaseline()
com.google.android.material.circularreveal.cardview.CircularRevealCardView: void setCircularRevealOverlayDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.IconCompatParcelizer: void write(androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat,androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView: int getWindowAnimations()
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: void setScene(androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionScene)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuPresenter getOuterActionMenuPresenter()
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: void setBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.ads.AdRequest$ErrorCode: com.google.ads.AdRequest$ErrorCode valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatToggleButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: void setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: int getContentPaddingLeft()
kotlinx.coroutines.android.AndroidExceptionPreHandler: void handleException(kotlin.coroutines.CoroutineContext,java.lang.Throwable)
com.airbnb.lottie.model.layer.Layer$MatteType: com.airbnb.lottie.model.layer.Layer$MatteType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.gms.common.SupportErrorDialogFragment: SupportErrorDialogFragment()
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: void setImageDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.ads.mediation.AbstractAdViewAdapter: AbstractAdViewAdapter()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.customevent.CustomEventNative: void onDestroy()
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: SearchView(android.content.Context)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setChecked(boolean)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityPostCreated(android.app.Activity,android.os.Bundle)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setTitleMarginBottom(int)
androidx.media.AudioAttributesImplApi21Parcelizer: AudioAttributesImplApi21Parcelizer()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setTitleTextColor(int)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl20: void setStableInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setSingleSelection(boolean)
com.airbnb.lottie.model.content.ShapeTrimPath$Type: com.airbnb.lottie.model.content.ShapeTrimPath$Type[] values()
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout$Behavior: CoordinatorLayout$Behavior()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$LayoutManager getLayoutManager()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEmojiTextHelper getEmojiTextViewHelper()
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Placeholder: int getEmptyVisibility()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: float getHintCollapsedTextHeight()
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: void setAnimation(java.lang.String)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintHelper: int[] getReferencedIds()
androidx.work.ListenableWorker: boolean isUsed()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl29: void setSystemWindowInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: void setImageAssetDelegate(com.airbnb.lottie.ImageAssetDelegate)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: int getPreferredWidth()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setBoxBackgroundColorStateList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout: int getSuggestedMinimumWidth()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButtonToggleGroup: void setupButtonChild(com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setPopupTheme(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getChipDrawable()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: void setStrokeColor(int)
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: void setTransitionListener(androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout$TransitionListener)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: void setTransitionName(android.view.View,java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getItemTextColor()
androidx.media.AudioAttributesImplBaseParcelizer: void write(androidx.media.AudioAttributesImplBase,androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setStrokeWidth(int)
androidx.emoji2.text.ConcurrencyHelpers$Handler28Impl: android.os.Handler createAsync(android.os.Looper)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipMinHeightResource(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getPlaceholderText()
com.airbnb.lottie.RenderMode: com.airbnb.lottie.RenderMode[] values()
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbye: void onResume()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEmojiTextHelper getEmojiTextViewHelper()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setNestedScrollingEnabled(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setFilters(android.text.InputFilter[])
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: java.lang.CharSequence getSubtitle()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: AppCompatTextView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.appbar.MaterialToolbar: void setNavigationIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl20: WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl20(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api19Impl: void notifySubtreeAccessibilityStateChanged(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,android.view.View,int)
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: int getTabMinWidth()
com.german.keyboard.app.free.inputmethod.changes.ThemeActivity: void setPriviewView(android.view.View)
com.infideap.drawerbehavior.AdvanceDrawerLayout: AdvanceDrawerLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.work.OutOfQuotaPolicy: androidx.work.OutOfQuotaPolicy[] values()
com.google.ads.mediation.customevent.CustomEventBanner: void requestBannerAd(com.google.ads.mediation.customevent.CustomEventBannerListener,android.app.Activity,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,com.google.ads.AdSize,com.google.ads.mediation.MediationAdRequest,java.lang.Object)
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: void setTransitionState(android.os.Bundle)
com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.customevent.CustomEventBanner: void onPause()
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: void setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.room.MultiInstanceInvalidationService: MultiInstanceInvalidationService()
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setGravity(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipIconVisible(boolean)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setClickable(boolean)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setUseCompatPadding(boolean)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView$ScaleType: com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView$ScaleType[] values()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setTypeface(android.graphics.Typeface)
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: void setSelectedTabView(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: int getAutoSizeTextType()
androidx.work.impl.WorkDatabase_Impl: WorkDatabase_Impl()
com.airbnb.lottie.network.FileExtension: com.airbnb.lottie.network.FileExtension[] values()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setEditText(android.widget.EditText)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setHideOnContentScrollEnabled(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: android.content.Context getPopupContext()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContainer: void setTransitioning(boolean)
com.airbnb.lottie.model.content.ShapeStroke$LineCapType: com.airbnb.lottie.model.content.ShapeStroke$LineCapType[] values()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: float getStrokeAlpha()
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintHelper: void setReferenceTags(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompat$BubbleMetadata$Api30Impl: android.app.Notification$BubbleMetadata toPlatform(androidx.core.app.NotificationCompat$BubbleMetadata)
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.BinaryDictionary: void closeNative(long)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setViewCacheExtension(androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$ViewCacheExtension)
androidx.core.content.ContextCompat$Api23Impl: java.lang.Object getSystemService(android.content.Context,java.lang.Class)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: void setHasTransientState(android.view.View,boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgje: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgje[] values()
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: int getTabIndicatorAnimationMode()
com.google.android.gms.common.api.internal.LifecycleCallback: com.google.android.gms.common.api.internal.LifecycleFragment getChimeraLifecycleFragmentImpl(com.google.android.gms.common.api.internal.LifecycleActivity)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: float getRadius()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: void setInterpolatedProgress(float)
com.google.ads.mediation.AdUrlAdapter: android.os.Bundle buildExtrasBundle(android.os.Bundle,android.os.Bundle)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat: IconCompat()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setRippleColor(int)
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setCheckable(boolean)
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbzm: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbzm[] values()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getSuffixText()
com.google.android.gms.ads.nativead.NativeAdView: android.view.View getBodyView()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: int getVirtualChildCount()
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout$TabView: void setTab(com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout$Tab)
com.airbnb.lottie.network.FileExtension: com.airbnb.lottie.network.FileExtension valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.gms.common.GooglePlayServicesMissingManifestValueException: GooglePlayServicesMissingManifestValueException()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setCompatElevationResource(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipEndPadding(float)
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzcna: void setWebChromeClient(android.webkit.WebChromeClient)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: int getBaseline()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl29: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat inset(int,int,int,int)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: com.google.android.material.shape.ShapeAppearanceModel getShapeAppearanceModel()
android.support.v4.app.RemoteActionCompatParcelizer: void write(androidx.core.app.RemoteActionCompat,androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: android.content.res.ColorStateList getBackgroundTintList(android.view.View)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: void setOnSetCropOverlayMovedListener(com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView$OnSetCropOverlayMovedListener)
com.github.naz013.colorslider.ColorSlider: ColorSlider(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setUiOptions(int)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: float getFillAlpha()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getPasswordVisibilityToggleContentDescription()
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropOverlayView: void setGuidelines(com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView$Guidelines)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setStrokeColor(int)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: float getTranslateY()
androidx.core.widget.EdgeEffectCompat$Api31Impl: float onPullDistance(android.widget.EdgeEffect,float,float)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: void setFillAlpha(float)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: void setBackgroundResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setShowingForActionMode(boolean)
com.google.android.material.theme.MaterialComponentsViewInflater: MaterialComponentsViewInflater()
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.BinaryDictionary: boolean flushWithGCNative(long,java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActivityChooserView$InnerLayout: ActivityChooserView$InnerLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setHideMotionSpecResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: float getTrimPathEnd()
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getStrokeColorStateList()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: int getCornerRadius()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getPopupTheme()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: void setSupportCheckMarkTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setEndIconVisible(boolean)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityPostStarted(android.app.Activity)
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.settings.AppearanceSettingsFragment: AppearanceSettingsFragment()
com.google.android.material.circularreveal.CircularRevealFrameLayout: void setRevealInfo(com.google.android.material.circularreveal.CircularRevealWidget$RevealInfo)
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: void setState(androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout$TransitionState)
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: void setUseCompatPadding(boolean)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.content.res.ColorStateList getCounterOverflowTextColor()
com.google.android.gms.ads.search.SearchAdView: com.google.android.gms.ads.AdListener getAdListener()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setButtonDrawable(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setBackgroundResource(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: int getChipSpacingHorizontal()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setMinWidthResource(int)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VectorDrawableCompatState: int getChangingConfigurations()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api28Impl: void addOnUnhandledKeyEventListener(android.view.View,androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$OnUnhandledKeyEventListenerCompat)
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.suggestions.MoreSuggestionsView: int getDefaultCoordX()
androidx.constraintlayout.core.widgets.ConstraintWidget$DimensionBehaviour: androidx.constraintlayout.core.widgets.ConstraintWidget$DimensionBehaviour[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setTextMetricsParamsCompat(androidx.core.text.PrecomputedTextCompat$Params)
androidx.work.ExistingWorkPolicy: androidx.work.ExistingWorkPolicy valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: void setFabAnimationMode(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: androidx.cursoradapter.widget.CursorAdapter getSuggestionsAdapter()
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: boolean getHideOnScroll()
com.google.android.gms.ads.nativead.NativeAdView: NativeAdView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton: int getCollapsedSize()
androidx.core.app.ComponentActivity: ComponentActivity()
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.BinaryDictionary: boolean isCorruptedNative(long)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getContentBackground()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setIconEndPadding(float)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setPlaceholderTextEnabled(boolean)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipIconSizeResource(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCheckedIconTintResource(int)
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgjf: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgjf[] values()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$EdgeEffectFactory getEdgeEffectFactory()
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setOnCheckedChangeListener(com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView$OnCheckedChangeListener)
androidx.work.impl.background.systemalarm.ConstraintProxyUpdateReceiver: ConstraintProxyUpdateReceiver()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api20Impl: android.view.WindowInsets onApplyWindowInsets(android.view.View,android.view.WindowInsets)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: void postOnAnimation(android.view.View,java.lang.Runnable)
com.github.naz013.colorslider.ColorSlider: void setListener(com.github.naz013.colorslider.ColorSlider$OnColorSelectedListener)
com.google.android.material.transformation.ExpandableBehavior: ExpandableBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.setup.SetupStartIndicatorView: SetupStartIndicatorView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat inset(int,int,int,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatReceiveContentHelper$OnDropApi24Impl: boolean onDropForTextView(android.view.DragEvent,android.widget.TextView,android.app.Activity)
com.google.android.gms.ads.formats.MediaView: void setImageScaleType(android.widget.ImageView$ScaleType)
androidx.work.impl.background.systemalarm.RescheduleReceiver: RescheduleReceiver()
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: int getStrokeWidth()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VectorDrawableDelegateState: int getChangingConfigurations()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputEditText: void setTextInputLayoutFocusedRectEnabled(boolean)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setStrokeWidthResource(int)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton$ExtendedFloatingActionButtonBehavior: ExtendedFloatingActionButton$ExtendedFloatingActionButtonBehavior()
com.google.android.material.transformation.FabTransformationBehavior: FabTransformationBehavior()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: int getMinFlingVelocity()
androidx.viewpager.widget.ViewPager: int getOffscreenPageLimit()
com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.Adapter: void initialize(android.content.Context,com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.InitializationCompleteCallback,java.util.List)
com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.rtb.RtbAdapter: void collectSignals(com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.rtb.RtbSignalData,com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.rtb.SignalCallbacks)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: int getMinimumWidth(android.view.View)
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzcoh: void onPause()
com.google.android.material.checkbox.MaterialCheckBox: android.content.res.ColorStateList getMaterialThemeColorsTintList()
com.google.android.material.circularreveal.CircularRevealFrameLayout: int getCircularRevealScrimColor()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: int getAutoSizeMinTextSize()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AbsActionBarView: void setContentHeight(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: int getImportantForAutofill(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipCornerRadiusResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView: void setSubtitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProvider getAccessibilityNodeProvider(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setIconPadding(int)
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.settings.SettingsActivity: SettingsActivity()
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgfs: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzgfs[] values()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setHideMotionSpecResource(int)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: void setBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setPrefixTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Guideline: void setGuidelinePercent(float)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setCheckedIconSizeResource(int)
androidx.constraintlayout.core.widgets.ConstraintAnchor$Type: androidx.constraintlayout.core.widgets.ConstraintAnchor$Type valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getRippleColor()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Barrier: void setMargin(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setTextAppearance(com.google.android.material.resources.TextAppearance)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: android.graphics.Matrix getLocalMatrix()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api17Impl: void setLayerPaint(android.view.View,android.graphics.Paint)
com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.customevent.CustomEventAdapter: void requestNativeAd(android.content.Context,com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.MediationNativeListener,android.os.Bundle,com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.NativeMediationAdRequest,android.os.Bundle)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: void setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.LatinIME: LatinIME()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setPopupBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setOnSearchClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)
com.google.android.material.transformation.ExpandableTransformationBehavior: ExpandableTransformationBehavior()
com.google.android.gms.ads.MobileAdsInitProvider: MobileAdsInitProvider()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setShowMotionSpecResource(int)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: androidx.core.view.NestedScrollingChildHelper getScrollingChildHelper()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: java.lang.CharSequence getChipText()
androidx.work.OutOfQuotaPolicy: androidx.work.OutOfQuotaPolicy valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getBackgroundTintList()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: int getImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api23Impl: void setScrollIndicators(android.view.View,int)
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.util.zzbt: zzbt()
com.akexorcist.localizationactivity.ui.LocalizationActivity: LocalizationActivity()
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: void setPopupCallback(androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView$PopupCallback)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: android.graphics.Rect getWholeImageRect()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setStartIconContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout: void setStatusBarForegroundResource(int)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityDestroyed(android.app.Activity)
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: java.util.ArrayList getDefinedTransitions()
androidx.viewpager2.widget.ViewPager2: ViewPager2(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconSize(float)
com.google.android.gms.ads.nativead.NativeAdView: void setStarRatingView(android.view.View)
androidx.work.impl.workers.DiagnosticsWorker: DiagnosticsWorker(android.content.Context,androidx.work.WorkerParameters)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl30: WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl30(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setInternalBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setHasFixedSize(boolean)
androidx.core.app.AppOpsManagerCompat$Api29Impl: int checkOpNoThrow(android.app.AppOpsManager,java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setPopupBackgroundResource(int)
com.google.android.material.internal.ForegroundLinearLayout: int getForegroundGravity()
com.google.ads.mediation.customevent.CustomEventAdapter: android.view.View getBannerView()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setFilters(android.text.InputFilter[])
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: void setAnimation(int)
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: void setCradleVerticalOffset(float)
com.github.naz013.colorslider.ColorSlider: int getSelectedColor()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: int[] getAutoSizeTextAvailableSizes()
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Barrier: Barrier(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: int getPaddingWidth()
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setCardForegroundColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.work.ListenableWorker: com.google.common.util.concurrent.ListenableFuture setProgressAsync(androidx.work.Data)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api17Impl: void setLabelFor(android.view.View,int)
com.german.keyboard.app.free.keyboard.emoji.EmojiPalettesView: void setHardwareAcceleratedDrawingEnabled(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportButtonTintList()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setHintTextAppearance(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSuffixTextColor()
androidx.emoji2.text.EmojiCompatInitializer: EmojiCompatInitializer()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getStableInsets()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setButtonDrawable(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: boolean startNestedScroll(android.view.View,int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipBackgroundColorResource(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: float getChipStartPadding()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VPathRenderer: float getAlpha()
com.german.keyboard.app.free.keyboard.MainKeyboardView: int getAltCodeKeyWhileTypingAnimAlpha()
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout: void setStatusBarForeground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.BinaryDictionary: boolean updateEntriesForWordWithNgramContextNative(long,int[][],boolean[],int[],boolean,int,int)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: void setTranslateY(float)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setCounterEnabled(boolean)
com.google.android.gms.ads.nonagon.signalgeneration.TaggingLibraryJsInterface: java.lang.String getQueryInfo()
androidx.viewpager2.widget.ViewPager2: void setOrientation(int)
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.utils.BinaryDictionaryUtils: float calcNormalizedScoreNative(int[],int[],int)
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentActivity: FragmentActivity()
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropOverlayView: void setCropShape(com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView$CropShape)
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.SystemBroadcastReceiver: SystemBroadcastReceiver()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setErrorIconDrawable(int)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: void setMaxHeight(int)
com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView: android.view.Menu getMenu()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.airbnb.lottie.model.content.MergePaths$MergePathsMode: com.airbnb.lottie.model.content.MergePaths$MergePathsMode valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconStartPadding(float)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setCollapseContentDescription(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setEllipsize(android.text.TextUtils$TruncateAt)
com.infideap.drawerbehavior.AdvanceDrawerLayout: void setScrimColor(int)
androidx.viewpager2.widget.ViewPager2: void setOffscreenPageLimit(int)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks()
com.google.android.material.snackbar.SnackbarContentLayout: SnackbarContentLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: int getCheckedChipId()
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbfw: zzbfw()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setStartIconTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: float getCloseIconStartPadding()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: com.google.android.material.textfield.EndIconDelegate getEndIconDelegate()
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.VirtualLayout: void setVisibility(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: boolean performAccessibilityAction(android.view.View,int,android.os.Bundle)
androidx.lifecycle.EmptyActivityLifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityStopped(android.app.Activity)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setSupportCompoundDrawablesTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setProgress(float)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setTranslationZ(float)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.MediationInterstitialAdapter: void onDestroy()
androidx.viewpager.widget.ViewPager: void setOnPageChangeListener(androidx.viewpager.widget.ViewPager$OnPageChangeListener)
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzcoi: void onPause()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getIconTint()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setElevation(float)
com.google.ads.mediation.AbstractAdViewAdapter: void showInterstitial()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatToggleButton: androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEmojiTextHelper getEmojiTextViewHelper()
androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$State: androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$State[] values()
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getCardBackgroundColor()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setPressed(boolean)
com.google.android.play.core.assetpacks.AssetPackExtractionService: AssetPackExtractionService()
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBarTopEdgeTreatment getTopEdgeTreatment()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView: void setAllowCollapse(boolean)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.LinearLayoutManager: LinearLayoutManager(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int,int)
androidx.lifecycle.EmptyActivityLifecycleCallbacks: void onActivitySaveInstanceState(android.app.Activity,android.os.Bundle)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: android.graphics.Rect getCropRect()
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: void setOutlineMasksAndMattes(boolean)
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout$TabView: com.google.android.material.badge.BadgeDrawable getOrCreateBadge()
com.google.android.gms.ads.nativead.NativeAdView: android.view.View getImageView()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setAdapter(android.widget.SpinnerAdapter)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: android.view.textclassifier.TextClassifier getTextClassifier()
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setCheckedIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.german.keyboard.app.free.keyboard.MainKeyboardView: void setAltCodeKeyWhileTypingAnimAlpha(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setBoxBackgroundMode(int)
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.InputView: void setKeyboardTopPadding(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: float getZ(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton: void setShowMotionSpec(com.google.android.material.animation.MotionSpec)
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: void setHideOnScroll(boolean)
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout: int getTotalScrollRange()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setEndIconContentDescription(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: com.google.android.material.internal.CheckableImageButton getEndIconView()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: int hashCode()
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: ConstraintLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getErrorTextCurrentColor()
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setErrorIconTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.gms.ads.nativead.NativeAdView: android.view.View getIconView()
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleInitializer: ProcessLifecycleInitializer()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextViewAutoSizeHelper$Impl23: AppCompatTextViewAutoSizeHelper$Impl23()
com.google.android.gms.ads.BaseAdView: void setAdUnitId(java.lang.String)
com.german.keyboard.app.free.keyboard.KeyboardSwitcher$KeyboardSwitchState: com.german.keyboard.app.free.keyboard.KeyboardSwitcher$KeyboardSwitchState[] values()
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: java.util.List getCheckedChipIds()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView: void setContentHeight(int)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: void setFillColor(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setStartIconOnLongClickListener(android.view.View$OnLongClickListener)
com.airbnb.lottie.model.content.MergePaths$MergePathsMode: com.airbnb.lottie.model.content.MergePaths$MergePathsMode[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.FitWindowsLinearLayout: FitWindowsLinearLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: void setImageBitmap(android.graphics.Bitmap)
androidx.work.impl.diagnostics.DiagnosticsReceiver: DiagnosticsReceiver()
androidx.viewpager.widget.ViewPager: int getPageMargin()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: void setTranslateX(float)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: java.lang.String getTransitionName(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setHintTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView: void setContentHeight(int)
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfgf: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfgf[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ViewStubCompat: ViewStubCompat(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCheckedIconEnabledResource(int)
com.google.android.gms.ads.nativead.NativeAdView: android.view.View getHeadlineView()
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: void setTabRippleColorResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setNavigationContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintAttribute$AttributeType: androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintAttribute$AttributeType[] values()
androidx.work.impl.WorkDatabase: WorkDatabase()
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout: int getSuggestedMinimumHeight()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setTranslationX(float)
com.airbnb.lottie.model.layer.Layer$LayerType: com.airbnb.lottie.model.layer.Layer$LayerType[] values()
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.settings.CorrectionSettingsFragment: CorrectionSettingsFragment()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setStartIconOnClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)
com.google.android.gms.ads.search.SearchAdView: java.lang.String getAdUnitId()
com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.customevent.CustomEventAdapter: CustomEventAdapter()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setSuffixTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setCornerRadiusResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: int getAutoSizeStepGranularity()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setLogo(int)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl29: void setTappableElementInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
com.google.android.material.datepicker.MaterialTextInputPicker: MaterialTextInputPicker()
androidx.core.widget.PopupWindowCompat$Api19Impl: void showAsDropDown(android.widget.PopupWindow,android.view.View,int,int,int)
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: float getFabTranslationY()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbye: zzbye()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$LayoutManager: RecyclerView$LayoutManager()
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.safeparcel.AbstractSafeParcelable: AbstractSafeParcelable()
com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.customevent.CustomEventAdapter: void onResume()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: int getTextWidth()
com.google.ads.mediation.MediationBannerAdapter: android.view.View getBannerView()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: void setRootViewData(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl: void setSystemWindowInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButtonToggleGroup: int getCheckedButtonId()
com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.Adapter: void loadRewardedAd(com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.MediationRewardedAdConfiguration,com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.MediationAdLoadCallback)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getEndIconDrawable()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: void setTrimPathOffset(float)
androidx.browser.browseractions.BrowserActionsFallbackMenuView: BrowserActionsFallbackMenuView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar$Behavior getBehavior()
com.google.android.material.internal.ForegroundLinearLayout: void setForegroundGravity(int)
android.support.v4.app.RemoteActionCompatParcelizer: RemoteActionCompatParcelizer()
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionHelper: void setProgress(float)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setMeasureWithLargestChildEnabled(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextViewAutoSizeHelper$Impl29: boolean isHorizontallyScrollable(android.widget.TextView)
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzazx: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzazx[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: int getAutoSizeTextType()
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: void setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: void setOnConstraintsChanged(androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintsChangedListener)
androidx.core.content.ContextCompat$Api21Impl: java.io.File getCodeCacheDir(android.content.Context)
androidx.viewpager2.widget.ViewPager2: void setPageTransformer(androidx.viewpager2.widget.ViewPager2$PageTransformer)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportCompoundDrawablesTintList()
com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView: void setItemMaxLines(int)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setShadowPaddingEnabled(boolean)
android.support.v4.app.RemoteActionCompatParcelizer: androidx.core.app.RemoteActionCompat read(androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.rtb.RtbAdapter: void loadRtbBannerAd(com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.MediationBannerAdConfiguration,com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.MediationAdLoadCallback)
com.german.keyboard.app.free.keyboard.KeyboardView: KeyboardView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.lifecycle.SavedStateHandleController$OnRecreation: SavedStateHandleController$OnRecreation()
com.module.ads.TemplateView: java.lang.String getTemplateTypeName()
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: void setMaxCardElevation(float)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setOnCloseIconClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl29: WindowInsetsCompat$Impl29(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat,androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl29)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: boolean equals(java.lang.Object)
com.google.android.material.appbar.ViewOffsetBehavior: ViewOffsetBehavior()
androidx.core.app.RemoteActionCompat: RemoteActionCompat()
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Barrier: void setDpMargin(int)
androidx.media.AudioAttributesCompatParcelizer: void write(androidx.media.AudioAttributesCompat,androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: CropImageView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: void setBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.german.keyboard.app.free.keyboard.internal.DrawingPreviewPlacerView: void setHardwareAcceleratedDrawingEnabled(boolean)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintHelper: void setIds(java.lang.String)
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: void setCacheComposition(boolean)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: java.lang.CharSequence getAccessibilityClassName()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: boolean restoreDefaultFocus(android.view.View)
androidx.constraintlayout.core.SolverVariable$Type: androidx.constraintlayout.core.SolverVariable$Type[] values()
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Barrier: int getType()
com.google.android.material.bottomsheet.BottomSheetBehavior: BottomSheetBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView: void setCustomView(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView: void setCheckedItem(android.view.MenuItem)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setAllCaps(boolean)
androidx.viewpager.widget.ViewPager: void setAdapter(androidx.viewpager.widget.PagerAdapter)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setCollapseIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: void setCheckMarkDrawable(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete: void setImeVisibility(boolean)
com.german.keyboard.app.free.keyboard.KeyboardView: void setHardwareAcceleratedDrawingEnabled(boolean)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl28: androidx.core.view.DisplayCutoutCompat getDisplayCutout()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getCollapseIcon()
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: void setForceShowIcon(boolean)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: void setRootViewData(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AlertDialogLayout: AlertDialogLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.setup.SetupStartIndicatorView$LabelView: SetupStartIndicatorView$LabelView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setBoxStrokeWidth(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setEndIconCheckable(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: java.lang.CharSequence getText()
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: int getRepeatMode()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: void setOptimizationLevel(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getBackgroundTintMode(android.view.View)
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: void setOnHide(float)
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView: int getScrollRange()
androidx.work.ListenableWorker: void setUsed()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getPlaceholderTextAppearance()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api30Impl: java.lang.CharSequence getStateDescription(android.view.View)
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.InputView: InputView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzkv: boolean zzb(java.lang.Throwable)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: int getContentPaddingLeft()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextViewAutoSizeHelper$Impl23: void computeAndSetTextDirection(android.text.StaticLayout$Builder,android.widget.TextView)
androidx.work.BackoffPolicy: androidx.work.BackoffPolicy valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView: void setNavigationItemSelectedListener(com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView$OnNavigationItemSelectedListener)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton: int getCollapsedPadding()
com.google.android.material.textview.MaterialTextView: MaterialTextView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfgi: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfgi[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportButtonTintList()
com.german.keyboard.app.free.keyboard.KeyboardSwitcher$KeyboardSwitchState: com.german.keyboard.app.free.keyboard.KeyboardSwitcher$KeyboardSwitchState valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: androidx.appcompat.view.menu.MenuItemImpl getItemData()
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout: void setStatusBarForegroundColor(int)
androidx.viewpager2.widget.ViewPager2: void setAdapter(androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$Adapter)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setElevation(float)
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView: float getBottomFadingEdgeStrength()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipIconVisible(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api31Impl: void setOnReceiveContentListener(android.view.View,java.lang.String[],androidx.core.view.OnReceiveContentListener)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: void setBackgroundResource(int)
com.google.ads.mediation.customevent.CustomEventAdapter: void requestInterstitialAd(com.google.ads.mediation.MediationInterstitialListener,android.app.Activity,com.google.ads.mediation.MediationServerParameters,com.google.ads.mediation.MediationAdRequest,com.google.ads.mediation.NetworkExtras)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportButtonTintMode()
com.google.android.material.internal.FlowLayout: void setLineSpacing(int)
com.german.keyboard.app.free.keyboard.MoreKeysKeyboardView: void setKeyboard(com.german.keyboard.app.free.keyboard.Keyboard)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setLayoutTransition(android.animation.LayoutTransition)
androidx.room.RoomDatabase$JournalMode: androidx.room.RoomDatabase$JournalMode[] values()
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.settings.DebugSettingsFragment: DebugSettingsFragment()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputEditText: java.lang.CharSequence getHintFromLayout()
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: void setStartState(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setImageURI(android.net.Uri)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportCompoundDrawablesTintMode()
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzmc: void zza(android.view.Surface,float)
com.google.ads.mediation.AbstractAdViewAdapter: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbhc getVideoController()
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: int getPreferredHeight()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.work.WorkManagerInitializer: WorkManagerInitializer()
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getTabSelectedIndicator()
androidx.appcompat.widget.FitWindowsFrameLayout: FitWindowsFrameLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setImeOptions(int)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: boolean isConsumed()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: float getCloseIconEndPadding()
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.util.WorkManagerUtil: WorkManagerUtil()
androidx.work.WorkInfo$State: androidx.work.WorkInfo$State valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: float getTranslateX()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VPathRenderer: void setAlpha(float)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getCheckedIcon()
com.german.keyboard.app.free.keyboard.KeyboardView: com.german.keyboard.app.free.keyboard.internal.KeyDrawParams getKeyDrawParams()
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView: NestedScrollView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: void setPivotY(float)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setSubtitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: void setMinFrame(int)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.Snackbar$SnackbarLayout: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: int getFirstBaselineToTopHeight()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconVisible(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconEndPaddingResource(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: float getBoxCornerRadiusBottomEnd()
com.german.keyboard.app.free.changes.Main_Activity: Main_Activity()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api30Impl: void setStateDescription(android.view.View,java.lang.CharSequence)
com.airbnb.lottie.model.layer.Layer$MatteType: com.airbnb.lottie.model.layer.Layer$MatteType[] values()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: boolean equals(java.lang.Object)
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: int getContentPaddingRight()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: void setCustomSelectionActionModeCallback(android.view.ActionMode$Callback)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: int getNextClusterForwardId(android.view.View)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api17Impl: int getPaddingStart(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: int getCheckedIconSize()
com.google.android.gms.ads.nativead.NativeAdView: void setIconView(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setRippleColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: void setKeyListener(android.text.method.KeyListener)
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: com.airbnb.lottie.PerformanceTracker getPerformanceTracker()
com.google.android.material.timepicker.ClockFaceView: ClockFaceView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: int getSizeDimension()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getBoxBackgroundColor()
androidx.work.impl.background.systemalarm.ConstraintProxy$BatteryNotLowProxy: ConstraintProxy$BatteryNotLowProxy()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setTextStartPadding(float)
androidx.work.impl.background.systemjob.SystemJobService: SystemJobService()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: AppCompatImageView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: androidx.appcompat.view.menu.MenuItemImpl getItemData()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl20: android.view.WindowInsets createWindowInsetsInstance()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setEmojiCompatEnabled(boolean)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: void setNestedScrollingEnabled(android.view.View,boolean)
androidx.viewpager.widget.ViewPager: void setPageMarginDrawable(int)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VPathRenderer: int getRootAlpha()
androidx.viewpager.widget.ViewPager: int getCurrentItem()
com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.customevent.CustomEventBanner: void onResume()
com.github.naz013.colorslider.ColorSlider: void setSelectorColor(int)
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: void setTabMode(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getHint()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api28Impl: void setScreenReaderFocusable(android.view.View,boolean)
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout$TransitionState: androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout$TransitionState[] values()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setMaxWidthResource(int)
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: void setDebugMode(int)
com.module.ads.App: App()
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Barrier: void setType(int)
androidx.work.ListenableWorker: int getRunAttemptCount()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.content.res.ColorStateList getHintTextColor()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setMaxLines(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setEndIconTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: void setBackgroundTintMode(android.view.View,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.airbnb.lottie.model.content.ShapeTrimPath$Type: com.airbnb.lottie.model.content.ShapeTrimPath$Type valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Placeholder: void setContentId(int)
com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView: void setItemBackgroundResource(int)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setIconTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatToggleButton: void setBackgroundResource(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: void callCompatInsetAnimationCallback(android.view.WindowInsets,android.view.View)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: boolean hasOverlappingRendering(android.view.View)
com.google.android.gms.ads.nativead.NativeAdView: void setAdvertiserView(android.view.View)
com.google.android.gms.dynamite.descriptors.com.google.android.gms.ads.dynamite.ModuleDescriptor: ModuleDescriptor()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setAutoSizeTextTypeWithDefaults(int)
com.google.android.gms.ads.nonagon.signalgeneration.TaggingLibraryJsInterface: void reportTouchEvent(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getSystemWindowInsets()
androidx.viewpager.widget.ViewPager: androidx.viewpager.widget.PagerAdapter getAdapter()
com.google.android.gms.ads.nativead.NativeAdView: android.view.View getCallToActionView()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl: void applyInsetTypes()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCheckedIconTint(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: void setFocusedByDefault(android.view.View,boolean)
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView: void setFillViewport(boolean)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityPreStopped(android.app.Activity)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.content.res.ColorStateList getBoxStrokeErrorColor()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconEnabled(boolean)
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout$TabView: int getContentWidth()
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzcoh: void onDestroy()
com.google.android.gms.ads.admanager.AdManagerAdView: com.google.android.gms.ads.VideoController getVideoController()
com.german.keyboard.app.free.changes.PrivacyPolicy: void onRadioButtonClicked(android.view.View)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: boolean getClipToPadding()
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: int getEndState()
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setOnHierarchyChangeListener(android.view.ViewGroup$OnHierarchyChangeListener)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: void setId(int)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setCheckedIconResource(int)
androidx.core.widget.PopupWindowCompat$Api23Impl: void setOverlapAnchor(android.widget.PopupWindow,boolean)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setErrorIconOnLongClickListener(android.view.View$OnLongClickListener)
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$3: void onActivityPreCreated(android.app.Activity,android.os.Bundle)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl: void setStableInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatToggleButton: void setFilters(android.text.InputFilter[])
androidx.work.ExistingWorkPolicy: androidx.work.ExistingWorkPolicy[] values()
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout$TransitionState: androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout$TransitionState valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbzl: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbzl[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: LinearLayoutCompat(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.ads.mediation.MediationBannerAdapter: void requestBannerAd(com.google.ads.mediation.MediationBannerListener,android.app.Activity,com.google.ads.mediation.MediationServerParameters,com.google.ads.AdSize,com.google.ads.mediation.MediationAdRequest,com.google.ads.mediation.NetworkExtras)
com.infideap.drawerbehavior.AdvanceDrawerLayout: void setDrawerElevation(float)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfmh: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfmh[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: void setDropDownBackgroundResource(int)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setCardBackgroundColor(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: void setMinimumHeight(int)
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: void setBackgroundTint(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: android.content.res.ColorStateList getChipBackgroundColor()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setAdapter(androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$Adapter)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setLines(int)
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.BinaryDictionary: int getProbabilityNative(long,int[])
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setSubtitleTextColor(int)
com.module.ads.TemplateView: com.google.android.gms.ads.nativead.NativeAdView getNativeAdView()
com.google.android.material.snackbar.Snackbar$SnackbarLayout: void setBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: void setRootWindowInsets(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setErrorIconOnClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: float getCradleVerticalOffset()
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: void setOnAttachStateChangeListener(com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$OnAttachStateChangeListener)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: androidx.core.view.DisplayCutoutCompat getDisplayCutout()
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setDividerDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setOnQueryTextFocusChangeListener(android.view.View$OnFocusChangeListener)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: float getRotation()
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setChipSpacingVertical(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCheckable(boolean)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.content.res.ColorStateList getPrefixTextColor()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$TypeImpl30: int toPlatformType(int)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintHelper: ConstraintHelper(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.DialogTitle: DialogTitle(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: int getInsetBottom()
androidx.appcompat.resources.Compatibility$Api15Impl: void getValueForDensity(android.content.res.Resources,int,int,android.util.TypedValue,boolean)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: com.google.android.material.animation.MotionSpec getShowMotionSpec()
com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getItemBackground()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setLayoutDirection(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setLogoDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: void setAutofillHints(android.view.View,java.lang.String[])
com.german.keyboard.app.free.keyboard.ProximityInfo: long setProximityInfoNative(int,int,int,int,int,int,int[],int,int[],int[],int[],int[],int[],float[],float[],float[])
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: android.view.ActionMode$Callback getCustomSelectionActionModeCallback()
androidx.work.InputMerger: InputMerger()
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: android.content.res.ColorStateList getTabRippleColor()
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setIconSize(int)
androidx.viewpager2.widget.ViewPager2: int getScrollState()
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setShowDividerHorizontal(int)
com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.rtb.RtbAdapter: RtbAdapter()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api17Impl: void setPaddingRelative(android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
com.google.android.gms.ads.nativead.NativeAdView: com.google.android.gms.ads.nativead.AdChoicesView getAdChoicesView()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: java.lang.String getA11yClassName()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ViewStubCompat: void setOnInflateListener(androidx.appcompat.widget.ViewStubCompat$OnInflateListener)
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentContainerView: void setLayoutTransition(android.animation.LayoutTransition)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropOverlayView: void setCropWindowRect(android.graphics.RectF)
com.german.keyboard.app.free.keyboard.MoreKeysKeyboardView: int getDefaultCoordX()
kotlin.coroutines.AbstractCoroutineContextElement: kotlin.coroutines.CoroutineContext minusKey(kotlin.coroutines.CoroutineContext$Key)
com.google.android.gms.ads.BaseAdView: java.lang.String getAdUnitId()
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: void setTransitionDuration(int)
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: int getDefaultHeight()
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: int getTabMode()
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: ComponentActivity()
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setStrokeColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setQuery(java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: void setCustomSelectionActionModeCallback(android.view.ActionMode$Callback)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
com.google.android.material.checkbox.MaterialCheckBox: void setUseMaterialThemeColors(boolean)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: float getBoxCornerRadiusTopEnd()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: void setEmojiCompatEnabled(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setOnSuggestionListener(androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView$OnSuggestionListener)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView$RequestSizeOptions: com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView$RequestSizeOptions valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView: void setItemIconSize(int)
com.google.android.gms.ads.nativead.NativeAdView: void setCallToActionView(android.view.View)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatToggleButton: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.media.AudioAttributesCompatParcelizer: AudioAttributesCompatParcelizer()
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentContainerView: void setDrawDisappearingViewsLast(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportImageTintList()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton: com.google.android.material.animation.MotionSpec getShrinkMotionSpec()
androidx.appcompat.resources.Compatibility$Api21Impl: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable createFromXmlInner(android.content.res.Resources,org.xmlpull.v1.XmlPullParser,android.util.AttributeSet,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.BinaryDictionary: void getSuggestionsNative(long,long,long,int[],int[],int[],int[],int[],int,int[],int[][],boolean[],int,int[],int[],int[],int[],int[],int[],float[])
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: java.lang.String getGroupName()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: int getExpandedComponentIdHint()
androidx.work.ListenableWorker: androidx.work.impl.utils.taskexecutor.TaskExecutor getTaskExecutor()
androidx.work.ListenableWorker: com.google.common.util.concurrent.ListenableFuture getForegroundInfoAsync()
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setTextAppearance(int)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl: WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: int getItemDecorationCount()
com.google.android.gms.ads.nativead.NativeAdView: void setPriceView(android.view.View)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setTitleTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: void setFlippedVertically(boolean)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setEndIconOnClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: void setChecked(boolean)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipIconEnabledResource(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChecked(boolean)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setCompatHoveredFocusedTranslationZResource(int)
androidx.core.content.ContextCompat$Api21Impl: java.io.File getNoBackupFilesDir(android.content.Context)
androidx.drawerlayout.widget.DrawerLayout: float getDrawerElevation()
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.ClientApi: ClientApi()
com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView: android.view.MenuInflater getMenuInflater()
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfgh: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfgh[] values()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: int getMinimumHeight(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: float getChipIconSize()
com.module.ads.TemplateView: void setNativeAd(com.google.android.gms.ads.nativead.NativeAd)
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: boolean getPreventCornerOverlap()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setPasswordVisibilityToggleDrawable(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEmojiTextHelper getEmojiTextViewHelper()
com.german.keyboard.app.free.inputmethod.changes.ThemeActivity: ThemeActivity()
androidx.core.app.AppOpsManagerCompat$Api29Impl: java.lang.String getOpPackageName(android.content.Context)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: void setStrokeWidth(float)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportImageTintList()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ViewStubCompat: void setInflatedId(int)
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: int getContentPaddingTop()
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setMaxLines(int)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setItemViewCacheSize(int)
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout: int getDownNestedPreScrollRange()
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: void setFabCradleMargin(float)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: java.lang.CharSequence getCollapseContentDescription()
androidx.viewpager2.widget.ViewPager2: int getItemDecorationCount()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setStartIconVisible(boolean)
kotlin.coroutines.AbstractCoroutineContextElement: kotlin.coroutines.CoroutineContext$Key getKey()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzdxp: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzdxp[] values()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: void setRootWindowInsets(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat)
androidx.core.widget.PopupWindowCompat$Api23Impl: int getWindowLayoutType(android.widget.PopupWindow)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setEmojiCompatEnabled(boolean)
com.google.ads.mediation.MediationInterstitialAdapter: java.lang.Class getAdditionalParametersType()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContainer: ActionBarContainer(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.airbnb.lottie.model.DocumentData$Justification: com.airbnb.lottie.model.DocumentData$Justification[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AbsActionBarView: int getContentHeight()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconTintResource(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api24Impl: void updateDragShadow(android.view.View,android.view.View$DragShadowBuilder)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setFirstBaselineToTopHeight(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.constraintlayout.core.widgets.analyzer.DependencyNode$Type: androidx.constraintlayout.core.widgets.analyzer.DependencyNode$Type valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl29: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getMandatorySystemGestureInsets()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton: com.google.android.material.animation.MotionSpec getShowMotionSpec()
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setOrientation(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api28Impl: boolean isAccessibilityHeading(android.view.View)
com.google.android.gms.ads.BaseAdView: void setAdListener(com.google.android.gms.ads.AdListener)
com.google.android.material.appbar.MaterialToolbar: MaterialToolbar(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: void setTransition(androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionScene$Transition)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: SearchView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: void setOverriddenInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets[])
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setChildDrawingOrderCallback(androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$ChildDrawingOrderCallback)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void suppressLayout(boolean)
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuView: NavigationMenuView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout$BaseBehavior: AppBarLayout$BaseBehavior()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButtonToggleGroup: java.lang.CharSequence getAccessibilityClassName()
androidx.core.content.ContextCompat$Api26Impl: android.content.ComponentName startForegroundService(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api17Impl: android.view.Display getDisplay(android.view.View)
androidx.work.ListenableWorker: boolean isStopped()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getContentInsetEnd()
androidx.lifecycle.EmptyActivityLifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityResumed(android.app.Activity)
com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.MediationInterstitialAdapter: void showInterstitial()
androidx.appcompat.resources.Compatibility$Api21Impl: int getChangingConfigurations(android.content.res.TypedArray)
com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.MediationNativeAdapter: void onPause()
com.airbnb.lottie.model.content.PolystarShape$Type: com.airbnb.lottie.model.content.PolystarShape$Type valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Placeholder: android.view.View getContent()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButtonToggleGroup: void setSingleSelection(boolean)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setBackgroundResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: AppCompatEditText(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.internal.FlowLayout: FlowLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButtonToggleGroup: void setGeneratedIdIfNeeded(com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: android.widget.TextView getSubtitleTextView()
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView: void setSmoothScrollingEnabled(boolean)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getEndIconMode()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api29Impl: android.view.View$AccessibilityDelegate getAccessibilityDelegate(android.view.View)
com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.MediationNativeAdapter: void onResume()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setErrorTextAppearance(int)
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: int getTabCount()
androidx.viewpager.widget.ViewPager: void setScrollingCacheEnabled(boolean)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setHideMotionSpec(com.google.android.material.animation.MotionSpec)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setErrorContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setImageLevel(int)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView$CropShape getCropShape()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: void setTabRippleColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButtonToggleGroup: java.util.List getCheckedButtonIds()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContainer: void setPrimaryBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: void setAnimationMode(int)
com.google.android.gms.ads.search.SearchAdView: void setAdSize(com.google.android.gms.ads.AdSize)
com.german.keyboard.app.free.keyboard.MainKeyboardView: void setMainDictionaryAvailability(boolean)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton: void setHideMotionSpecResource(int)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView$Guidelines: com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView$Guidelines valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: float getRadius()
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: int getContentPaddingBottom()
com.german.keyboard.app.free.keyboard.emoji.EmojiPalettesView: EmojiPalettesView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat computeSystemWindowInsets(android.view.View,androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat,android.graphics.Rect)
com.google.ads.mediation.customevent.CustomEventAdapter: java.lang.Class getAdditionalParametersType()
com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView: void setOverScrollMode(int)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setCompatPressedTranslationZResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setStartIconTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ContentFrameLayout: android.util.TypedValue getFixedWidthMinor()
com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView: void setItemBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: void stopNestedScroll(android.view.View)
androidx.work.NetworkType: androidx.work.NetworkType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: void setOnCropImageCompleteListener(com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView$OnCropImageCompleteListener)
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setLastBaselineToBottomHeight(int)
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout: int getNestedScrollAxes()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: boolean hasExplicitFocusable(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton: void setAnimateShowBeforeLayout(boolean)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setErrorIconVisible(boolean)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setHelperTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.rtb.RtbAdapter: void loadRtbRewardedAd(com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.MediationRewardedAdConfiguration,com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.MediationAdLoadCallback)
com.airbnb.lottie.model.content.Mask$MaskMode: com.airbnb.lottie.model.content.Mask$MaskMode valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropOverlayView: void setSnapRadius(float)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getHelperTextCurrentTextColor()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: void setKeyboardNavigationCluster(android.view.View,boolean)
androidx.appcompat.app.AlertController$RecycleListView: AlertController$RecycleListView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: void setOnApplyWindowInsetsListener(android.view.View,androidx.core.view.OnApplyWindowInsetsListener)
com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.rtb.RtbAdapter: void loadRtbRewardedInterstitialAd(com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.MediationRewardedAdConfiguration,com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.MediationAdLoadCallback)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$OnFlingListener getOnFlingListener()
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: void setInlineLabelResource(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.content.res.ColorStateList getDefaultHintTextColor()
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: float getMaxFrame()
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: int getFrame()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton: void setHideMotionSpec(com.google.android.material.animation.MotionSpec)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setIconStartPadding(float)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: float getScaleY()
androidx.media.AudioAttributesImplApi21Parcelizer: void write(androidx.media.AudioAttributesImplApi21,androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
com.german.keyboard.app.free.keyboard.MainKeyboardView: void setLanguageOnSpacebarAnimAlpha(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setQueryRefinementEnabled(boolean)
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.BinaryDictionary: long openNative(java.lang.String,long,long,boolean)
com.google.android.gms.ads.nonagon.signalgeneration.TaggingLibraryJsInterface: java.lang.String getClickSignals(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getSystemGestureInsets()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getIcon()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: android.content.Context getPopupContext()
com.google.android.material.circularreveal.cardview.CircularRevealCardView: void setCircularRevealScrimColor(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: ChipGroup(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setStrokeWidth(int)
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler$WorkerState: kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler$WorkerState[] values()
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView$ScaleType: com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView$ScaleType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setSingleLine(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getContentInsetStart()
androidx.work.ListenableWorker: java.util.List getTriggeredContentAuthorities()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: boolean dispatchNestedPreScroll(android.view.View,int,int,int[],int[])
androidx.work.WorkInfo$State: androidx.work.WorkInfo$State[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.DropDownListView: void setListSelectionHidden(boolean)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: void setOnSetCropOverlayReleasedListener(com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView$OnSetCropOverlayReleasedListener)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setEndIconDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: float getMaxCardElevation()
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: float getCardElevation()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api23Impl: int getScrollIndicators(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setInsetBottom(int)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VPath: androidx.core.graphics.PathParser$PathDataNode[] getPathData()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl: void setMandatorySystemGestureInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerViewAccessibilityDelegate getCompatAccessibilityDelegate()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: Chip(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.versionedparcelable.CustomVersionedParcelable: CustomVersionedParcelable()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: boolean dispatchNestedFling(android.view.View,float,float,boolean)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: void setTooltipText(android.view.View,java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setItemAnimator(androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setBoxStrokeErrorColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setCounterOverflowTextAppearance(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setButtonDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setActionView(android.view.View)
com.google.ads.AdRequest$Gender: com.google.ads.AdRequest$Gender valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: java.lang.String getImageAssetsFolder()
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: float getProgress()
com.german.keyboard.app.free.keyboard.emoji.EmojiPalettesView: void setKeyboardActionListener(com.german.keyboard.app.free.keyboard.KeyboardActionListener)
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: void setRepeatMode(int)
com.google.android.gms.ads.nativead.NativeAdView: android.view.View getAdvertiserView()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setCounterOverflowTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getCheckedIconTint()
com.github.naz013.colorslider.ColorSlider: void setSelection(int)
com.german.keyboard.app.free.changes.TestActivity: TestActivity()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setIconGravity(int)
com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.customevent.CustomEventAdapter: void requestInterstitialAd(android.content.Context,com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.MediationInterstitialListener,android.os.Bundle,com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.MediationAdRequest,android.os.Bundle)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompat$BubbleMetadata$Api29Impl: android.app.Notification$BubbleMetadata toPlatform(androidx.core.app.NotificationCompat$BubbleMetadata)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropOverlayView: void setInitialCropWindowRect(android.graphics.Rect)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: int getOrientation()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat inset(int,int,int,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setImageBitmap(android.graphics.Bitmap)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: float getIconStartPadding()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportCheckMarkTintList()
androidx.work.Worker: androidx.work.ListenableWorker$Result doWork()
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: void setOnTabSelectedListener(com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout$OnTabSelectedListener)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton: void setTextColor(int)
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout: int getMinimumHeightForVisibleOverlappingContent()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: boolean isFocusedByDefault(android.view.View)
com.german.keyboard.app.free.keyboard.MainKeyboardView: void setHardwareAcceleratedDrawingEnabled(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setCollapseContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
com.google.ads.mediation.customevent.CustomEventAdapter: void showInterstitial()
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: int getInputType()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setPlaceholderTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.constraintlayout.core.widgets.ConstraintWidget$DimensionBehaviour: androidx.constraintlayout.core.widgets.ConstraintWidget$DimensionBehaviour valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: void setEmojiCompatEnabled(boolean)
com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.MediationNativeAdapter: void requestNativeAd(android.content.Context,com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.MediationNativeListener,android.os.Bundle,com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.NativeMediationAdRequest,android.os.Bundle)
com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView: void setItemHorizontalPadding(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getContentInsetEndWithActions()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setSupportImageTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.ads.mediation.MediationInterstitialAdapter: void destroy()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setLogoDescription(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getContentInsetStartWithNavigation()
androidx.viewpager2.widget.ViewPager2: int getPageSize()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setBackgroundColor(int)
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getStatusBarForeground()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setSupportImageTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.appbar.MaterialToolbar: void setNavigationIconTint(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api24Impl: void cancelDragAndDrop(android.view.View)
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.util.WorkManagerUtil: boolean zze(com.google.android.gms.dynamic.IObjectWrapper,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout: void setExpanded(boolean)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api18Impl: android.graphics.Rect getClipBounds(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton: void setTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getCurrentContentInsetEnd()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: int getDropDownWidth()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCheckedIconEnabled(boolean)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api20Impl: void requestApplyInsets(android.view.View)
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: void setMinProgress(float)
com.infideap.drawerbehavior.Advance3DDrawerLayout: Advance3DDrawerLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
com.german.keyboard.app.free.inputmethod.changes.ImagesFragment: ImagesFragment()
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityPostResumed(android.app.Activity)
com.infideap.drawerbehavior.AdvanceDrawerLayout: void setDrawerView(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton: com.google.android.material.animation.MotionSpec getExtendMotionSpec()
com.german.keyboard.app.free.changes.Splash_Screen_Activity: Splash_Screen_Activity()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconSizeResource(int)
com.google.ads.mediation.AbstractAdViewAdapter: com.google.android.gms.ads.AdLoader$Builder newAdLoader(android.content.Context,java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setCheckedIconTint(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setRecycledViewPool(androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$RecycledViewPool)
com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.MediationNativeAdapter: void onDestroy()
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzcna: void setOnTouchListener(android.view.View$OnTouchListener)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView: java.lang.CharSequence getTitle()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getHintCurrentCollapsedTextColor()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setEnabled(boolean)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: float getChipCornerRadius()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getMaxWidth()
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout: void setStatusBarBackgroundResource(int)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton$Behavior: FloatingActionButton$Behavior()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setBackgroundColor(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipEndPaddingResource(int)
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: void setInteractionEnabled(boolean)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setEndIconDrawable(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: android.content.res.ColorStateList getCheckedIconTint()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButtonToggleGroup: int getLastVisibleChildIndex()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getTitleMarginBottom()
com.google.android.material.timepicker.TimePickerView: TimePickerView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setPasswordVisibilityToggleTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: com.google.android.material.shape.ShapeAppearanceModel getShapeAppearanceModel()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton: void setShowMotionSpecResource(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api18Impl: void setClipBounds(android.view.View,android.graphics.Rect)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getCurrentContentInsetRight()
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: int getDividerWidth()
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setPreventCornerOverlap(boolean)
androidx.work.impl.background.systemalarm.ConstraintProxy$BatteryChargingProxy: ConstraintProxy$BatteryChargingProxy()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setCompatHoveredFocusedTranslationZ(float)
com.google.android.gms.dynamite.DynamiteModule$DynamiteLoaderClassLoader: DynamiteModule$DynamiteLoaderClassLoader()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: boolean dispatchNestedPreFling(android.view.View,float,float)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setSize(int)
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$3: void onActivityStopped(android.app.Activity)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: void setCropShape(com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView$CropShape)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: int getNestedScrollAxes()
com.google.android.material.transformation.ExpandableTransformationBehavior: ExpandableTransformationBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ExpandedMenuView: ExpandedMenuView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.settings.TestFragmentActivity: TestFragmentActivity()
com.google.android.material.internal.ScrimInsetsFrameLayout: void setDrawTopInsetForeground(boolean)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: void setFlippedHorizontally(boolean)
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: void setImageResource(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: boolean dispatchNestedScroll(android.view.View,int,int,int,int,int[])
androidx.media.AudioAttributesCompat: AudioAttributesCompat()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setAllCaps(boolean)
com.airbnb.lottie.model.content.GradientType: com.airbnb.lottie.model.content.GradientType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.customevent.CustomEventInterstitial: void onDestroy()
com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView: void setElevation(float)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: void setTextClassifier(android.view.textclassifier.TextClassifier)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setRippleColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.internal.ForegroundLinearLayout: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getForeground()
com.airbnb.lottie.model.content.ShapeStroke$LineCapType: com.airbnb.lottie.model.content.ShapeStroke$LineCapType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setCheckedIconSize(int)
com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.customevent.CustomEventAdapter: void showInterstitial()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: float getTranslationZ(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipIconResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: void setCheckable(boolean)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setEndIconTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setDividerDrawableVertical(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setEmojiCompatEnabled(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: void setSupportCheckMarkTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
kotlinx.coroutines.android.AndroidDispatcherFactory: int getLoadPriority()
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout: int getUpNestedPreScrollRange()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl29: WindowInsetsCompat$Impl29(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat,android.view.WindowInsets)
com.google.ads.mediation.AbstractAdViewAdapter: void onResume()
com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.Adapter: void loadRewardedInterstitialAd(com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.MediationRewardedAdConfiguration,com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.MediationAdLoadCallback)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setBaselineAligned(boolean)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setErrorIconTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setHelperText(java.lang.CharSequence)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: int getMinHeight()
com.google.ads.mediation.customevent.CustomEventInterstitial: void requestInterstitialAd(com.google.ads.mediation.customevent.CustomEventInterstitialListener,android.app.Activity,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,com.google.ads.mediation.MediationAdRequest,java.lang.Object)
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbye: void onDestroy()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setLogo(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: long getDuration()
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setRadius(float)
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$3$1: ProcessLifecycleOwner$3$1(androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$3)
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout$Behavior: AppBarLayout$Behavior()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipIconTint(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.constraintlayout.core.widgets.analyzer.WidgetRun$RunType: androidx.constraintlayout.core.widgets.analyzer.WidgetRun$RunType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout$ScrollingViewBehavior: AppBarLayout$ScrollingViewBehavior()
com.github.naz013.colorslider.ColorSlider: void setColors(int[])
com.german.keyboard.app.free.keyboard.KeyboardView: com.german.keyboard.app.free.keyboard.Keyboard getKeyboard()
com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView: void setItemIconPadding(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getCounterOverflowDescription()
androidx.work.NetworkType: androidx.work.NetworkType[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView: void setPopupTheme(int)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: void setConstraintSet(androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintSet)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl30: WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl30()
androidx.activity.ComponentActivity: void setContentView(android.view.View)
com.google.ads.mediation.customevent.CustomEventInterstitial: void destroy()
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfem: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfem[] values()
com.google.android.gms.ads.BaseAdView: com.google.android.gms.ads.AdSize getAdSize()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setAutoSizeTextTypeWithDefaults(int)
com.google.android.gms.ads.BaseAdView: com.google.android.gms.ads.OnPaidEventListener getOnPaidEventListener()
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: int getStrokeColor()
androidx.lifecycle.ViewModel: ViewModel()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setImageResource(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setSingleSelection(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.suggestions.MoreSuggestionsView: void setKeyboard(com.german.keyboard.app.free.keyboard.Keyboard)
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: void setProgress(float)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: float getTextStartPadding()
com.google.ads.mediation.AbstractAdViewAdapter: android.view.View getBannerView()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: float getStrokeWidth()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AbsActionBarView: AbsActionBarView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: int getAutoSizeMaxTextSize()
com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.customevent.CustomEventBanner: void requestBannerAd(android.content.Context,com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.customevent.CustomEventBannerListener,java.lang.String,com.google.android.gms.ads.AdSize,com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.MediationAdRequest,android.os.Bundle)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompatParcelizer: IconCompatParcelizer()
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: void setMinHeight(int)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: void setChecked(boolean)
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzdyb: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzdyb[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setImageLevel(int)
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.DesignTool getDesignTool()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api28Impl: java.lang.CharSequence getAccessibilityPaneTitle(android.view.View)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getCurrentContentInsetLeft()
com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.customevent.CustomEventBanner: void onDestroy()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: void setBackgroundResource(int)
androidx.constraintlayout.core.widgets.analyzer.WidgetRun$RunType: androidx.constraintlayout.core.widgets.analyzer.WidgetRun$RunType[] values()
androidx.media.AudioAttributesImplApi21Parcelizer: androidx.media.AudioAttributesImplApi21 read(androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: int getAutoSizeMaxTextSize()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setSupportCompoundDrawablesTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.appbar.MaterialToolbar: void setSubtitleCentered(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setTextEndPadding(float)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: void setMaxWidth(int)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintAttribute$AttributeType: androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintAttribute$AttributeType valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: int getCompoundPaddingLeft()
com.google.ads.mediation.customevent.CustomEventInterstitial: void showInterstitial()
com.google.android.gms.ads.BaseAdView: void setAdSize(com.google.android.gms.ads.AdSize)
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$3: void onActivityCreated(android.app.Activity,android.os.Bundle)
com.airbnb.lottie.model.content.ShapeStroke$LineJoinType: com.airbnb.lottie.model.content.ShapeStroke$LineJoinType[] values()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setHintEnabled(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: void setCheckable(boolean)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipIconEnabled(boolean)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api19Impl: boolean isAttachedToWindow(android.view.View)
com.google.ads.mediation.MediationBannerAdapter: java.lang.Class getServerParametersType()
com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView: void setItemTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.IconCompatParcelizer: IconCompatParcelizer()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setTextAppearanceResource(int)
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: void setAnimationFromJson(java.lang.String)
androidx.viewpager2.widget.ViewPager2: int getCurrentItem()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatToggleButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getSystemWindowInsets()
com.google.android.material.snackbar.SnackbarContentLayout: void setMaxInlineActionWidth(int)
com.german.keyboard.app.free.keyboard.MainKeyboardView: MainKeyboardView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout: void setStatusBarBackgroundColor(int)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Barrier: int getMargin()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: void setKeyListener(android.text.method.KeyListener)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: float getCardViewRadius()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setCustomSize(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.FitWindowsFrameLayout: void setOnFitSystemWindowsListener(androidx.appcompat.widget.FitWindowsViewGroup$OnFitSystemWindowsListener)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getBoxStrokeWidth()
com.google.ads.mediation.admob.AdMobAdapter: android.os.Bundle buildExtrasBundle(android.os.Bundle,android.os.Bundle)
com.german.keyboard.app.free.keyboard.MainKeyboardView: void setKeyboard(com.german.keyboard.app.free.keyboard.Keyboard)
androidx.loader.app.LoaderManagerImpl$LoaderViewModel: LoaderManagerImpl$LoaderViewModel()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setVisibility(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getOverflowIcon()
com.google.android.material.internal.CheckableImageButton: CheckableImageButton(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setRippleColorResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setImageDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setRippleColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getLogo()
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: android.os.Bundle getTransitionState()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipMinHeight(float)
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.setup.SetupStepIndicatorView: SetupStepIndicatorView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ContentFrameLayout: android.util.TypedValue getMinWidthMinor()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setMaxWidth(int)
com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView: NavigationView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: float getSpeed()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl28: WindowInsetsCompat$Impl28(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat,android.view.WindowInsets)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.Snackbar$SnackbarLayout: void setBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: float getProgress()
androidx.drawerlayout.widget.DrawerLayout: void setDrawerListener(androidx.drawerlayout.widget.DrawerLayout$DrawerListener)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: float[] getCropPoints()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getTitleMarginEnd()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView: android.view.Menu getMenu()
com.google.android.gms.common.api.GoogleApiActivity: GoogleApiActivity()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api19Impl: void setAccessibilityLiveRegion(android.view.View,int)
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView: float getVerticalScrollFactorCompat()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipIconTintResource(int)
com.google.android.material.internal.ForegroundLinearLayout: void setForeground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setBoxStrokeColorStateList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat consumeDisplayCutout()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl: void setTappableElementInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setBoxBackgroundColorResource(int)
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout: void setVisibility(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextViewAutoSizeHelper$Impl29: void computeAndSetTextDirection(android.text.StaticLayout$Builder,android.widget.TextView)
androidx.core.content.ContextCompat$Api16Impl: void startActivities(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent[],android.os.Bundle)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setBaselineAlignedChildIndex(int)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getBackgroundTintList()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl30: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getInsets(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
com.german.keyboard.app.free.changes.Premium: Premium()
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropOverlayView: void setAspectRatioY(int)
com.google.ads.mediation.AbstractAdViewAdapter: java.lang.String getAdUnitId(android.os.Bundle)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getInsets(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setCollapsible(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatActivity: AppCompatActivity()
com.google.android.gms.ads.AdActivity: void setContentView(android.view.View)
com.google.android.play.core.missingsplits.PlayCoreMissingSplitsActivity: PlayCoreMissingSplitsActivity()
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropOverlayView: android.graphics.Rect getInitialCropWindowRect()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VPath: java.lang.String getPathName()
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatViewInflater: AppCompatViewInflater()
com.google.android.gms.ads.nativead.NativeAdView: void setHeadlineView(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView: void setItemHorizontalPaddingResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.MediationBannerAdapter: void onPause()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setClipToPadding(boolean)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: TextInputLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: void setNextClusterForwardId(android.view.View,int)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: void setStrokeAlpha(float)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setShowMotionSpec(com.google.android.material.animation.MotionSpec)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: android.view.ActionMode$Callback getCustomSelectionActionModeCallback()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getTappableElementInsets()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setBackgroundResource(int)
com.google.android.gms.ads.admanager.AdManagerAdView: com.google.android.gms.ads.VideoOptions getVideoOptions()
androidx.core.app.CoreComponentFactory: CoreComponentFactory()
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView$ScaleType getScaleType()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: int getTabIndicatorGravity()
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: void setOnLayoutChangeListener(com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$OnLayoutChangeListener)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getContentInsetLeft()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api31Impl: java.lang.String[] getReceiveContentMimeTypes(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: android.content.res.ColorStateList getRippleColor()
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: void setUnboundedRippleResource(int)
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: android.content.res.ColorStateList getBackgroundTint()
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: void setFabCradleRoundedCornerRadius(float)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setSelectionRequired(boolean)
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setRippleColorResource(int)
androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$State: androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$State valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.gms.ads.search.SearchAdView: com.google.android.gms.ads.AdSize getAdSize()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setDropDownWidth(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getOverflowIcon()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: ActionBarOverlayLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: void setTrimPathEnd(float)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setError(java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: float getPivotX()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setOverlayMode(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: AppCompatCheckBox(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.rtb.RtbAdapter: void loadRtbInterscrollerAd(com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.MediationBannerAdConfiguration,com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.MediationAdLoadCallback)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api19Impl: boolean isLayoutDirectionResolved(android.view.View)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: void setScaleType(com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView$ScaleType)
androidx.core.widget.PopupWindowCompat$Api23Impl: boolean getOverlapAnchor(android.widget.PopupWindow)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setMinLines(int)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setShowMotionSpecResource(int)
com.google.android.material.internal.CheckableImageButton: void setCheckable(boolean)
com.google.android.play.core.common.PlayCoreDialogWrapperActivity: PlayCoreDialogWrapperActivity()
com.google.android.material.internal.CheckableImageButton: void setPressed(boolean)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCheckedIconVisible(boolean)
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout$Behavior getBehavior()
com.google.android.material.internal.FlowLayout: void setSingleLine(boolean)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setBoxStrokeWidthFocusedResource(int)
com.google.android.material.internal.CheckableImageButton: void setChecked(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setImageDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setActionBarVisibilityCallback(androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout$ActionBarVisibilityCallback)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl30: WindowInsetsCompat$Impl30(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat,androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl30)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setChipSpacingHorizontalResource(int)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityStarted(android.app.Activity)
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.DicTraverseSession: void releaseDicTraverseSessionNative(long)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setHint(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api17Impl: int getPaddingEnd(android.view.View)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setPrompt(java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setPreserveFocusAfterLayout(boolean)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.google.android.material.appbar.HeaderScrollingViewBehavior: HeaderScrollingViewBehavior()
kotlin.coroutines.AbstractCoroutineContextElement: AbstractCoroutineContextElement(kotlin.coroutines.CoroutineContext$Key)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: void setSnapRadius(float)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButtonToggleGroup: int getFirstVisibleChildIndex()
kotlin.coroutines.AbstractCoroutineContextElement: kotlin.coroutines.CoroutineContext$Element get(kotlin.coroutines.CoroutineContext$Key)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl29: void setStableInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
com.google.android.material.transformation.FabTransformationScrimBehavior: FabTransformationScrimBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat consumeSystemWindowInsets()
androidx.work.impl.background.systemalarm.ConstraintProxy$StorageNotLowProxy: ConstraintProxy$StorageNotLowProxy()
androidx.cardview.widget.CardView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getCardBackgroundColor()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setCounterTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getHelperText()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: int getLastBaselineToBottomHeight()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportImageTintMode()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getNavigationIcon()
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.settings.GestureSettingsFragment: GestureSettingsFragment()
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Placeholder: void setEmptyVisibility(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api28Impl: boolean isScreenReaderFocusable(android.view.View)
com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.customevent.CustomEventInterstitial: void onResume()
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzdxy: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzdxy[] values()
com.google.android.material.transformation.FabTransformationBehavior: FabTransformationBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.viewpager2.widget.ViewPager2: java.lang.CharSequence getAccessibilityClassName()
com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView: void setItemIconTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setShowDividers(int)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setScaleX(float)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setOnQueryTextListener(androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView$OnQueryTextListener)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: void setImportantForAutofill(android.view.View,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setSubtitleTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton: com.google.android.material.animation.MotionSpec getHideMotionSpec()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipTextResource(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipStrokeWidth(float)
com.airbnb.lottie.RenderMode: com.airbnb.lottie.RenderMode valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl21: void setStableInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.rtb.RtbAdapter: void loadRtbNativeAd(com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.MediationNativeAdConfiguration,com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.MediationAdLoadCallback)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipStrokeWidthResource(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setEndIconMode(int)
androidx.viewpager.widget.ViewPager: int getClientWidth()
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: androidx.appcompat.view.menu.MenuItemImpl getItemData()
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: int getRightInset()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: int getActionBarHideOffset()
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: void setCropRect(android.graphics.Rect)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: int getSuggestionCommitIconResId()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setBoxStrokeWidthFocused(int)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setLayoutFrozen(boolean)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: int getImageResource()
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: void setSaveBitmapToInstanceState(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setSubmitButtonEnabled(boolean)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.internal.FlowLayout: int getRowCount()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipStartPadding(float)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityResumed(android.app.Activity)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Guideline: void setGuidelineBegin(int)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Constraints: androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintSet getConstraintSet()
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setChecked(boolean)
androidx.lifecycle.LifecycleDispatcher$DispatcherActivityCallback: void onActivityStopped(android.app.Activity)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setBackgroundResource(int)
com.google.android.material.circularreveal.CircularRevealFrameLayout: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getCircularRevealOverlayDrawable()
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setBackgroundInternal(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatActivity: void setContentView(android.view.View)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: int getAutoSizeMinTextSize()
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout: void setVisibility(int)
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout: float getTargetElevation()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: int getMaxFlingVelocity()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: float getTrimPathOffset()
com.google.android.material.navigation.NavigationView: int getItemIconPadding()
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: int getRepeatCount()
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzazj: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzazj[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setIconifiedByDefault(boolean)
androidx.drawerlayout.widget.DrawerLayout: void setStatusBarBackground(int)
androidx.core.content.ContextCompat$Api16Impl: void startActivity(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent,android.os.Bundle)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView$CropShape: com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView$CropShape[] values()
androidx.appcompat.resources.Compatibility$Api21Impl: void inflate(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.content.res.Resources,org.xmlpull.v1.XmlPullParser,android.util.AttributeSet,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
androidx.viewpager2.widget.ViewPager2: void setLayoutDirection(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setContentInsetStartWithNavigation(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: int getDividerPadding()
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.setup.SetupWizardActivity: SetupWizardActivity()
com.module.ads.AppOpenManager: void onStart()
androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$LifecycleImpact: androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$LifecycleImpact valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setHelperTextTextAppearance(int)
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.offline.buffering.OfflinePingSender: OfflinePingSender(android.content.Context,androidx.work.WorkerParameters)
com.google.android.material.internal.BaselineLayout: int getBaseline()
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout: void setLiftOnScroll(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.MenuPopupWindow$MenuDropDownListView: void setHoverListener(androidx.appcompat.widget.MenuItemHoverListener)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setStrokeColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.github.naz013.colorslider.ColorSlider: void setSelectorColorResource(int)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setInsetTop(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setBackgroundResource(int)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: void setOnClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setUseCompatPadding(boolean)
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzggo: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzggo[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ViewStubCompat: int getInflatedId()
com.google.android.material.internal.ForegroundLinearLayout: ForegroundLinearLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: float getChipStrokeWidth()
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.BinaryDictionary: void getHeaderInfoNative(long,int[],int[],java.util.ArrayList,java.util.ArrayList)
com.google.android.gms.ads.nativead.NativeAdView: void setAdChoicesView(com.google.android.gms.ads.nativead.AdChoicesView)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setPlaceholderTextAppearance(int)
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.BinaryDictionary: int getNextWordNative(long,int,int[],boolean[])
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: void setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getError()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: float getTrimPathStart()
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setOnCheckedChangeListener(com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup$OnCheckedChangeListener)
com.google.android.material.transformation.FabTransformationSheetBehavior: FabTransformationSheetBehavior()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl29: WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl29(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat consumeStableInsets()
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropOverlayView: void setCropWindowChangeListener(com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropOverlayView$CropWindowChangeListener)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setOnFlingListener(androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$OnFlingListener)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setPasswordVisibilityToggleDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getBoxStrokeColor()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: void setTranslationZ(android.view.View,float)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api19Impl: void setContentChangeTypes(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: LinearLayoutCompat(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.BinaryDictionary: void getWordPropertyNative(long,int[],boolean,int[],boolean[],int[],java.util.ArrayList,java.util.ArrayList,java.util.ArrayList,java.util.ArrayList,java.util.ArrayList,java.util.ArrayList)
com.google.android.gms.ads.AdService: AdService()
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout$Behavior: CoordinatorLayout$Behavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: android.view.Menu getMenu()
com.german.keyboard.app.free.inputmethod.dictionarypack.DictionaryProvider: DictionaryProvider()
com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.MediationBannerAdapter: void onDestroy()
com.google.ads.mediation.customevent.CustomEventAdapter: void requestBannerAd(com.google.ads.mediation.MediationBannerListener,android.app.Activity,com.google.ads.mediation.customevent.CustomEventServerParameters,com.google.ads.AdSize,com.google.ads.mediation.MediationAdRequest,com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.customevent.CustomEventExtras)
com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.rtb.RtbAdapter: void loadRtbInterstitialAd(com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.MediationInterstitialAdConfiguration,com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.MediationAdLoadCallback)
com.google.android.material.internal.FlowLayout: void setItemSpacing(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat getRootWindowInsets(android.view.View)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: SearchView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.german.keyboard.app.free.keyboard.emoji.EmojiPageKeyboardView: EmojiPageKeyboardView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.viewpager.widget.ViewPager: void setScrollState(int)
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.BinaryDictionary: boolean addUnigramEntryNative(long,int[],int,int[],int,boolean,boolean,boolean,int)
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfcg: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzfcg[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.DropDownListView: void setSelectorEnabled(boolean)
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.settings.SeekBarDialogPreference: SeekBarDialogPreference(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setHorizontalGravity(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setChipSpacingResource(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setPasswordVisibilityToggleContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar$Behavior: BottomAppBar$Behavior()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl29: void setMandatorySystemGestureInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: java.lang.CharSequence getPrompt()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatToggleButton: void setAllCaps(boolean)
com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.customevent.CustomEventAdapter: void onDestroy()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setTitleMarginEnd(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setNavigationIcon(int)
androidx.work.ListenableWorker: ListenableWorker(android.content.Context,androidx.work.WorkerParameters)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setErrorIconDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView$CropShape: com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView$CropShape valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api18Impl: boolean isInLayout(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setTextStartPaddingResource(int)
com.google.android.gms.ads.BaseAdView: com.google.android.gms.ads.AdListener getAdListener()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipBackgroundColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView: ActionMenuView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AbsActionBarView: int getAnimatedVisibility()
com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.Adapter: void loadNativeAd(com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.MediationNativeAdConfiguration,com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.MediationAdLoadCallback)
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: float getFabCradleRoundedCornerRadius()
com.google.android.material.radiobutton.MaterialRadioButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getMaterialThemeColorsTintList()
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout: void setOnHierarchyChangeListener(android.view.ViewGroup$OnHierarchyChangeListener)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportImageTintList()
com.google.android.material.appbar.MaterialToolbar: void setTitleCentered(boolean)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: void setScaleX(float)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton: androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout$Behavior getBehavior()
com.google.android.material.circularreveal.CircularRevealFrameLayout: void setCircularRevealScrimColor(int)
androidx.work.ListenableWorker: android.content.Context getApplicationContext()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api28Impl: void removeOnUnhandledKeyEventListener(android.view.View,androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$OnUnhandledKeyEventListenerCompat)
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: void setFrame(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setInputType(int)
com.german.keyboard.app.free.changes.PrivacyPolicy: PrivacyPolicy()
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: void setTabIconTintResource(int)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: void setAutoZoomEnabled(boolean)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: android.view.View keyboardNavigationClusterSearch(android.view.View,android.view.View,int)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: int getFillColor()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setOnCheckedChangeListenerInternal(android.widget.CompoundButton$OnCheckedChangeListener)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setSupportButtonTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.gms.ads.nativead.NativeAdView: android.view.View getPriceView()
kotlin.coroutines.AbstractCoroutineContextElement: java.lang.Object fold(java.lang.Object,kotlin.jvm.functions.Function2)
com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.MediationBannerAdapter: void onResume()
com.github.naz013.colorslider.ColorSlider: void setHexColors(java.lang.String[])
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton: void setImageDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: void setCustomSelectionActionModeCallback(android.view.ActionMode$Callback)
com.google.ads.AdRequest$Gender: com.google.ads.AdRequest$Gender[] values()
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout: int getTopInset()
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: void setImageUriAsync(android.net.Uri)
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: void setDelayedApplicationOfInitialState(boolean)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getErrorCurrentTextColors()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getInsets(int)
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzkk: void zza(android.os.Bundle)
kotlinx.coroutines.android.AndroidDispatcherFactory: AndroidDispatcherFactory()
androidx.work.Worker: Worker(android.content.Context,androidx.work.WorkerParameters)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipStrokeColorResource(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getErrorContentDescription()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setHelperTextEnabled(boolean)
com.google.ads.mediation.AdUrlAdapter: java.lang.String getAdUnitId(android.os.Bundle)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropWindowMoveHandler$Type: com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropWindowMoveHandler$Type valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatSpinner: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getPopupBackground()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContainer: void setSplitBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: Toolbar(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setChipSpacingVerticalResource(int)
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: void setTextDelegate(com.airbnb.lottie.TextDelegate)
androidx.viewpager.widget.ViewPager: void setOffscreenPageLimit(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: android.text.TextUtils$TruncateAt getEllipsize()
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: void setOnSetImageUriCompleteListener(com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView$OnSetImageUriCompleteListener)
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: float getFabTranslationX()
com.google.android.material.appbar.HeaderBehavior: HeaderBehavior()
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: void setMaxProgress(float)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setIconTint(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: android.view.ViewParent getParentForAccessibility(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButtonToggleGroup: MaterialButtonToggleGroup(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.constraintlayout.motion.widget.MotionLayout: float getVelocity()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputEditText: TextInputEditText(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: android.graphics.RectF getCloseIconTouchBounds()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView: ActionBarContextView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ViewStubCompat: android.view.LayoutInflater getLayoutInflater()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api24Impl: void dispatchStartTemporaryDetach(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton$ExtendedFloatingActionButtonBehavior: ExtendedFloatingActionButton$ExtendedFloatingActionButtonBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButtonToggleGroup: int getVisibleButtonCount()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: void setDropDownBackgroundResource(int)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl29: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat build()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getBoxBackgroundMode()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setAllCaps(boolean)
com.german.keyboard.app.free.keyboard.KeyboardView: void setKeyboard(com.german.keyboard.app.free.keyboard.Keyboard)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setCornerRadius(int)
com.google.android.material.datepicker.MaterialCalendarGridView: MaterialCalendarGridView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.theartofdev.edmodo.cropper.CropImageView: void setImageBitmap(android.graphics.Bitmap)
com.google.android.material.circularreveal.cardview.CircularRevealCardView: int getCircularRevealScrimColor()
com.airbnb.lottie.parser.moshi.JsonReader$Token: com.airbnb.lottie.parser.moshi.JsonReader$Token[] values()
androidx.core.widget.EdgeEffectCompat$Api31Impl: float getDistance(android.widget.EdgeEffect)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: void addKeyboardNavigationClusters(android.view.View,java.util.Collection,int)
com.google.android.gms.ads.admanager.AdManagerAdView: void setVideoOptions(com.google.android.gms.ads.VideoOptions)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: java.util.ArrayList getCurrentMenuItems()
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: void setDragged(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setVerticalGravity(int)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl21: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getStableInsets()
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: java.lang.CharSequence getQueryHint()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api29Impl: java.util.List getSystemGestureExclusionRects(android.view.View)
androidx.startup.InitializationProvider: InitializationProvider()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: boolean isImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setFlexWrap(int)
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout: void setTabsFromPagerAdapter(androidx.viewpager.widget.PagerAdapter)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setRippleColorResource(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setMaxWidth(int)
com.google.android.material.internal.CheckableImageButton: void setPressable(boolean)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api16Impl: boolean hasTransientState(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.circularreveal.CircularRevealFrameLayout: com.google.android.material.circularreveal.CircularRevealWidget$RevealInfo getRevealInfo()
com.google.android.material.card.MaterialCardView: int getContentPaddingTop()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.widget.TextView getSuffixTextView()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: java.lang.CharSequence getNavigationContentDescription()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VPathRenderer: void setRootAlpha(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView: void setVisibility(int)
com.german.keyboard.app.free.latin.spellcheck.AndroidSpellCheckerService: AndroidSpellCheckerService()
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat getLastWindowInsets()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setSupportButtonTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.work.OverwritingInputMerger: OverwritingInputMerger()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl21: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat consumeStableInsets()
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: void setSubMenuArrowVisible(boolean)
com.google.ads.AdRequest$ErrorCode: com.google.ads.AdRequest$ErrorCode[] values()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setShapeAppearanceModel(com.google.android.material.shape.ShapeAppearanceModel)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getMandatorySystemGestureInsets()
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton: void setShrinkMotionSpec(com.google.android.material.animation.MotionSpec)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setChipSpacing(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setStartIconDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$3$1: void onActivityPostStarted(android.app.Activity)
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getStatusBarBackground()
com.google.android.gms.ads.nativead.MediaView: void setImageScaleType(android.widget.ImageView$ScaleType)
com.google.ads.mediation.AbstractAdViewAdapter: void requestBannerAd(android.content.Context,com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.MediationBannerListener,android.os.Bundle,com.google.android.gms.ads.AdSize,com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.MediationAdRequest,android.os.Bundle)
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar: void setElevation(float)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getBackgroundTintMode()
com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbm: com.google.android.gms.internal.ads.zzbbm[] values()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: boolean isLayoutSuppressed()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatToggleButton: void setEmojiCompatEnabled(boolean)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: int getScrollState()
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout$TabView: void setSelected(boolean)
com.google.ads.mediation.AbstractAdViewAdapter: android.os.Bundle getInterstitialAdapterInfo()
com.airbnb.lottie.LottieAnimationView: void setRenderMode(com.airbnb.lottie.RenderMode)
